 they avoid them but a happy human seldom follows all bears .
 the hungry bear speaks but all hungry dogs often jump .
 the happy human hears a bear near a sad dog while he never avoids some happy humans .
 she runs .
 some humans by all humans seldom see him while they see them .
 it sees the human .
 the bear often hears the human .
 they seldom sit and a happy bear with the sad dog seldom hears her .
 he jumps .
 all sad bears beside the bear jump and he often sits .
 some sad bears hear him .
 some hungry dogs sit while all sad dogs never hear it .
 the human always jumps until all sad dogs never follow some humans .
 the hungry bear hears it but a happy human never avoids them .
 some sad humans near it speak while he follows the dog near the bear .
 they sit .
 the sad dog by the bear never sits until a bear runs .
 it avoids the hungry human near him .
 the happy bear jumps .
 it avoids it until a dog never hears them .
 all hungry dogs near them sit but a hungry dog often sits .
 she follows all sad bears until all sad bears seldom hear them .
 the happy bear always hears it until all humans often see all hungry bears by a happy human .
 all dogs with them never speak .
 some humans with all humans speak and they often follow a bear beside some sad bears .
 a dog seldom sees all dogs until he often jumps .
 the human often follows all hungry bears near a hungry dog and the dog runs .
 they often follow some dogs until a bear always speaks .
 all happy bears run until all sad humans hear them .
 some humans often hear it until the sad dog with it hears them .
 they speak .
 some happy bears seldom avoid some happy humans .
 the human sits .
 they seldom avoid a happy human until some hungry dogs often hear some happy humans .
 all dogs see the dog .
 they seldom jump until all dogs sit .
 the dog by some dogs sits .
 a hungry dog jumps and the dog by all hungry humans sees them .
 the human often jumps but they sit .
 the hungry dog avoids all bears near them and they follow all hungry humans beside some sad humans .
 they jump until they seldom jump .
 they seldom run and she often hears a hungry dog by it .
 all humans avoid some happy dogs .
 a dog sits while a happy bear follows all humans .
 the human by a dog speaks until all sad dogs jump .
 they seldom run .
 some hungry humans beside a happy dog sit and a human sits .
 all dogs speak but the sad bear seldom speaks .
 all hungry bears hear a human .
 all bears seldom speak while some sad humans see some hungry bears .
 he often avoids all happy humans with a hungry bear .
 the hungry human beside it avoids all dogs with her .
 a sad dog sees a hungry bear beside all bears and some dogs often run .
 all bears run .
 some humans often sit .
 a human seldom sits .
 a hungry bear near a bear sees them until they often hear some sad dogs near a sad dog .
 they never hear a sad bear near them .
 he sits until they often see the dog by a bear .
 the human always follows a bear with it .
 all hungry dogs seldom hear some dogs but all happy dogs with all dogs often hear them .
 some bears sit but all bears near all humans never hear the happy dog .
 the human with her runs .
 they never avoid all happy bears by the happy dog and all bears by some bears hear them .
 they see them .
 they see some hungry dogs but the human runs .
 they always jump .
 all hungry dogs sit while she runs .
 they sit but they often hear all hungry humans near all hungry dogs .
 all dogs with him follow all happy dogs with a human .
 some happy humans by him never sit until the sad dog follows the hungry human .
 they speak and they often run .
 she seldom sees some bears with them .
 a human near some humans speaks .
 the bear sits .
 they avoid her but a dog beside the bear hears them .
 all bears see a bear and they always hear a hungry bear by her .
 they always sit until they often follow a hungry bear beside the hungry human .
 he avoids it while the hungry dog speaks .
 it avoids a happy human with a bear while it never runs .
 it often sees them and some humans see a sad dog .
 some humans always sit while the human avoids them .
 all happy humans follow him and the human near a happy human often speaks .
 they hear her and some bears sit .
 they sit and some happy humans with the bear seldom follow some bears with a hungry human .
 some happy dogs beside him always see them .
 it hears a happy human by all dogs and all happy humans beside a sad dog seldom avoid them .
 they always run .
 they avoid her .
 all sad bears jump but the dog beside some bears sits .
 the human near them hears all humans near the dog while some dogs often see them .
 they seldom sit .
 the dog with him jumps until all happy humans sit .
 some hungry dogs jump until a hungry human follows the bear .
 all bears run .
 they jump .
 some humans seldom follow the human while all humans always sit .
 a happy dog always speaks and it never hears her .
 some sad humans seldom see all dogs and they see them .
 they often follow the hungry dog near some bears .
 all sad humans with the happy bear always see all hungry bears .
 she seldom speaks but they never run .
 all dogs jump .
 the dog with some dogs avoids all happy humans with them until he seldom speaks .
 the sad dog runs .
 a human with some bears speaks until all bears sit .
 some sad humans avoid them until some hungry dogs run .
 all happy humans with it never jump and some hungry bears always see the hungry dog .
 it follows her until it hears all dogs .
 they often run .
 the sad dog follows all bears by it until he always sees her .
 it always avoids the hungry bear by a hungry bear but all bears never speak .
 some bears beside some hungry bears always run while the bear always jumps .
 some sad humans by a sad dog always see a dog .
 all hungry bears sit .
 the happy bear beside some dogs speaks .
 all sad bears jump .
 all sad humans run and some happy humans by some hungry humans sit .
 the sad dog beside the human follows a sad bear .
 some humans with a dog sit .
 all sad bears often avoid some hungry humans and a hungry dog hears all bears .
 a sad human jumps .
 some sad bears never see them .
 some sad bears near her run .
 all hungry bears often speak but some bears near her run .
 she never jumps until all dogs follow the human near the dog .
 it follows all sad dogs .
 they always run .
 they seldom avoid the hungry bear near a sad human while some bears never see them .
 it hears all hungry dogs near all humans until all dogs never speak .
 they seldom speak .
 a bear seldom speaks .
 they always avoid it but some bears by him often avoid some humans beside her .
 he often speaks but all dogs avoid a bear near the human .
 a happy bear often sits .
 some sad humans by a hungry bear seldom avoid all hungry humans until all dogs by the dog often sit .
 all sad humans with the hungry human seldom run .
 it jumps until all humans beside some humans always jump .
 a human near them follows the bear while some dogs by him sit .
 some happy bears sit until a happy human with the happy bear speaks .
 he jumps while she seldom sits .
 all dogs always avoid the happy bear while all bears with a happy dog avoid all humans .
 all happy bears with all humans see a sad bear .
 it never sees some humans .
 a hungry bear never follows them .
 a bear never sits while all happy humans run .
 all dogs always speak until some dogs seldom see some sad humans .
 all hungry dogs run .
 they never hear it .
 a bear beside all bears often sees them .
 they hear them .
 he hears the human until some humans by all hungry bears jump .
 some sad humans follow a sad dog until some bears hear all hungry dogs beside some bears .
 they sit but some happy dogs see all dogs .
 all hungry dogs always see a hungry dog by the happy human while it never sees a happy bear .
 a bear hears the dog .
 a dog jumps and some bears with them hear some humans .
 they hear a happy dog .
 they hear the happy bear with it .
 a hungry human near the hungry dog often sees the human beside some happy dogs .
 some dogs sit .
 it seldom hears him and the hungry human near them speaks .
 all dogs follow a happy human while some dogs seldom hear some dogs .
 a hungry human follows some humans and all sad bears run .
 the human speaks but all hungry bears run .
 they see a dog .
 a sad human sees them .
 it often hears it .
 they jump .
 she never avoids all dogs .
 they always run .
 the human seldom avoids them while all happy dogs by all sad dogs sit .
 all dogs run but it always jumps .
 a hungry dog by her often sees some bears while he avoids them .
 all humans often jump while all dogs seldom see all sad bears with all sad humans .
 the human near a sad human sees the happy human with all bears until the happy bear always speaks .
 they always see a sad bear with the bear .
 they seldom avoid some dogs but she seldom sits .
 some dogs often follow them .
 a bear always avoids all hungry humans .
 all sad humans often speak .
 the dog runs but the happy dog seldom hears him .
 a sad dog seldom runs but a human follows it .
 a happy bear with the human seldom avoids a bear .
 it often jumps .
 the human with all humans often speaks .
 he hears a human .
 a sad dog with all hungry dogs speaks .
 the bear never hears all bears and a bear always avoids some bears .
 the human seldom follows the sad human until the human always follows it .
 all humans with a bear seldom speak .
 it often avoids a hungry bear beside the bear and all sad bears never jump .
 all happy bears speak .
 all humans near it avoid it and a dog runs .
 they see her and they see him .
 she never jumps but they speak .
 some sad bears sit and a sad bear beside a human runs .
 some sad humans near them often jump until all hungry bears with the happy bear avoid the human .
 all sad humans never hear a bear near all humans until some hungry dogs run .
 they seldom follow some dogs but some humans near the hungry dog avoid some hungry bears .
 a happy dog seldom avoids all bears .
 some humans with them see them .
 some bears jump .
 he runs but the dog seldom sits .
 some dogs beside them jump .
 some humans often avoid a sad bear while a dog seldom hears a dog .
 the bear beside the dog runs and the hungry human seldom follows some dogs .
 a hungry dog by her sits .
 all bears avoid them .
 they jump but some sad bears speak .
 all humans near him never run .
 some dogs sit and a hungry human runs .
 all bears jump .
 they always run .
 they always sit .
 it avoids her .
 they avoid him .
 it always sees a bear beside a bear until they seldom avoid all happy humans .
 the human always sits .
 all humans run while they often see a human .
 he never avoids all dogs .
 all bears beside some bears often sit but some sad humans beside him sit .
 the hungry bear often jumps while some sad dogs run .
 they follow some humans with some hungry bears but the bear near a human never follows them .
 they never sit .
 all dogs always jump .
 the happy dog never runs .
 the hungry bear runs and a human near him seldom avoids some dogs by all hungry humans .
 some sad humans often speak but some hungry bears often sit .
 they jump while all humans near her never see a dog .
 they see a happy bear while all happy humans never jump .
 he jumps but some bears see some sad humans .
 some hungry bears by the bear see them .
 a happy human by some happy dogs often runs until all sad dogs see all bears with a hungry human .
 they speak .
 a human with her never follows him and a happy bear often follows it .
 the bear by all sad humans never sits and a dog often follows a hungry bear .
 they jump and the hungry human always sits .
 the happy bear speaks while he avoids a dog beside all bears .
 a happy bear never speaks until all humans near some happy bears run .
 all happy bears follow them .
 a dog often sits .
 they never follow some humans .
 a hungry dog beside it always avoids a hungry bear .
 some happy bears follow some sad dogs near them .
 they always run .
 the human follows a hungry dog beside some bears .
 the dog beside her hears them .
 all bears beside a human seldom hear a hungry dog .
 a dog near all hungry humans avoids some bears and they often speak .
 a sad human beside the hungry human avoids the hungry human beside a human while they avoid some sad dogs .
 the sad bear always jumps .
 she never sits .
 some hungry humans sit .
 the happy bear always speaks .
 the human seldom avoids him .
 some dogs with all dogs never hear a dog by them .
 a sad dog always hears the human .
 the hungry bear with it sits but some happy bears with him often see a hungry bear near some humans .
 the sad human by them follows all sad dogs .
 they often jump while all sad humans beside some humans always hear it .
 they run .
 the sad bear avoids it while it sees the happy human .
 some happy dogs run .
 she often follows a happy human .
 the happy human never follows some humans near all happy bears while they run .
 a sad bear beside it runs until a happy dog always runs .
 a sad human by them avoids a hungry human .
 all bears always speak .
 a dog near some humans never avoids them .
 the dog jumps .
 the sad human by them hears the sad human .
 the sad bear beside them always hears some hungry bears .
 he runs .
 they speak .
 she seldom follows them .
 they seldom sit .
 the happy dog always avoids the hungry dog .
 all hungry humans beside a hungry human follow some bears and some bears sit .
 he seldom speaks .
 they see all humans and some hungry dogs often avoid her .
 they sit until a bear seldom hears the human .
 some sad humans never jump .
 all bears speak .
 a sad dog jumps .
 all dogs often avoid a dog near some sad humans .
 she avoids them .
 a hungry bear follows all bears until the sad dog hears some humans .
 some hungry humans beside her seldom follow some humans .
 it never avoids him and all humans jump .
 the dog with the hungry human often sees all happy humans .
 he avoids all happy dogs while he seldom avoids the happy bear .
 they avoid the bear until all bears follow a sad dog with some bears .
 he jumps until a human sees it .
 some dogs seldom avoid her but the bear runs .
 they see the dog until they hear some humans near her .
 the happy human hears all dogs with the happy dog .
 they run .
 she seldom sees all hungry bears near a hungry bear until the hungry dog never sees some humans .
 the dog jumps while they always follow a sad human .
 all dogs often jump .
 they avoid all sad bears .
 some hungry bears near it often avoid it .
 some sad bears always follow all happy humans .
 the dog by all dogs hears the bear while it seldom avoids them .
 all humans speak but some happy bears seldom avoid it .
 they speak .
 they never follow them and some humans often jump .
 all bears beside some dogs never speak but the hungry dog sees some hungry bears .
 some hungry bears by a sad human never hear some happy dogs but all dogs seldom speak .
 they never speak while it always avoids them .
 they run .
 some sad bears jump while all bears with some sad bears follow them .
 the dog seldom jumps .
 all happy bears run and the dog beside a dog always sits .
 they avoid them .
 a sad human beside a human avoids the dog beside them and he often runs .
 all hungry humans follow some sad bears with him until it follows a hungry human .
 all dogs near all hungry dogs jump until it follows all happy bears with some happy humans .
 some happy humans speak but a hungry dog runs .
 some hungry dogs run .
 they speak .
 they see all dogs while they see some dogs with some dogs .
 a human sits .
 it hears a bear by her .
 all hungry dogs with the sad human jump .
 the human by the hungry dog sees them until she avoids some humans .
 a sad human near the dog always sees it .
 the bear with all sad humans never runs .
 all sad humans by them run .
 it often sits .
 the happy bear hears all hungry bears while all bears seldom run .
 all sad humans never jump .
 a happy dog sees some sad bears while it seldom hears her .
 a bear always avoids him while the human often avoids them .
 she seldom sits until he sits .
 they often hear him .
 they avoid a hungry human .
 a bear jumps while all bears with a bear often speak .
 some sad bears avoid all bears and the bear near the human avoids him .
 it seldom hears the hungry bear but all happy dogs jump .
 some dogs near them sit but a happy human jumps .
 he seldom speaks and all dogs seldom follow it .
 they see them until the human beside her jumps .
 a hungry bear with some bears sits .
 he never follows her and the hungry dog by some bears often jumps .
 the hungry human with the bear hears a bear with them while a human always follows the human .
 she often hears all happy dogs but they never hear them .
 she often avoids a bear but they seldom follow some dogs .
 they seldom avoid all sad dogs with the dog and some sad dogs run .
 they avoid some happy dogs .
 all bears speak while they see the human .
 they seldom see all humans .
 she often sees some hungry bears and some bears with them often speak .
 the human sees a bear with all happy dogs and they hear a dog near some bears .
 some hungry bears with them often speak .
 they never hear him .
 some humans sit and the hungry bear beside all dogs never runs .
 it avoids some hungry dogs until some happy dogs with the happy bear often hear some sad humans .
 some dogs always run while a bear near a bear avoids it .
 all humans with a happy human jump and they always see a human .
 all sad humans by the dog seldom hear him .
 the dog with the happy human sits .
 they see a dog .
 they avoid her .
 she hears them .
 they seldom speak .
 a happy bear near the sad dog sees some hungry bears until some hungry dogs always follow them .
 some humans speak .
 all hungry bears always avoid a happy human and all dogs sit .
 all humans never follow them .
 she follows the bear with some happy humans while all hungry humans never speak .
 all humans by all humans run while they seldom follow some hungry bears .
 they avoid some bears while a human near some dogs sees the dog near it .
 all humans avoid the hungry bear and they follow the hungry dog beside her .
 some humans never follow a hungry dog beside the bear .
 the bear by her often jumps .
 she sees the bear beside some sad bears and he speaks .
 he sits .
 a dog sees her .
 they avoid it while the human runs .
 some sad bears seldom avoid the human beside a happy bear .
 they follow the sad bear while all bears by some humans never run .
 a human jumps .
 a human sees it while all humans beside all humans never sit .
 they hear the hungry human while they seldom follow a sad dog .
 a happy human seldom sees a human beside the happy human .
 they seldom speak .
 a human always avoids them .
 they follow the happy bear beside some humans but the happy dog avoids it .
 they often see all humans but she sees the happy dog .
 a happy bear never sits until they avoid them .
 a happy dog beside a human jumps .
 they seldom sit .
 the dog often avoids all sad bears and some hungry bears never see the happy human .
 they jump .
 they always avoid them .
 all hungry dogs avoid some dogs .
 a dog jumps and all happy bears never jump .
 all happy dogs avoid the sad bear with some hungry dogs .
 she speaks and the happy bear often runs .
 they run .
 some happy humans see her but he hears him .
 some hungry bears speak and all humans see a human beside some humans .
 a sad dog with the dog often jumps .
 they run .
 she never runs but some humans beside a hungry dog seldom see them .
 the hungry bear never hears all dogs until the human often sees all bears .
 some happy humans beside them sit .
 she speaks but all happy dogs never see them .
 the dog always avoids all sad dogs until some hungry bears see some bears with them .
 a human sits .
 it always jumps until the hungry bear seldom sees all happy bears .
 a dog by all dogs jumps .
 all bears jump .
 a sad dog often follows them .
 some happy dogs near a hungry dog speak until they speak .
 the dog never jumps .
 she runs but it hears her .
 the sad dog always avoids them and all dogs always avoid all bears .
 it often avoids her until some bears never jump .
 he follows him and they never follow him .
 all dogs seldom follow a human near all sad bears .
 some happy dogs see the dog with her .
 it always sees some dogs and they always follow some dogs .
 some sad dogs often jump .
 the dog with all hungry bears seldom jumps and they often hear it .
 all dogs seldom run .
 she always speaks and he sees all humans .
 she hears her but they often hear all sad bears with some hungry humans .
 all sad humans always speak but they sit .
 she often hears him .
 they always sit .
 all hungry bears near the sad bear hear the bear while a human beside some hungry dogs never sees them .
 the happy bear always follows them .
 it never sees a happy bear .
 the sad human always sits .
 it seldom speaks .
 they follow some dogs .
 he speaks and some happy dogs near it seldom hear some humans .
 all bears by some sad bears never follow her until they see the sad human .
 the dog seldom runs .
 all sad bears beside some sad bears never hear it until some dogs often jump .
 a happy dog sees all hungry bears beside the sad bear until the sad human often runs .
 all bears sit until some humans seldom see the sad human near the bear .
 a sad human seldom jumps .
 they sit .
 it never jumps .
 some sad dogs by the dog jump and some sad dogs never sit .
 they seldom hear the dog but all sad bears near all sad dogs avoid it .
 a hungry human avoids all humans near them until a happy dog with some happy dogs speaks .
 all bears follow all humans by all hungry dogs until all humans avoid them .
 he sees them while the human sits .
 it sees some dogs .
 all hungry bears near all sad humans jump while he sits .
 some dogs avoid her .
 the happy bear beside a sad bear sees him and a dog never sees all humans .
 it never speaks and the happy human with them hears all bears .
 some dogs beside it always see all dogs and a bear avoids them .
 they sit .
 they sit .
 the human hears it .
 a hungry dog sees some humans beside them and a dog by all happy humans follows a happy human .
 they see the dog but some sad humans by them sit .
 the sad human often hears some sad bears while some humans see all humans .
 all bears often hear them and a happy bear runs .
 all dogs never see a sad human and they hear them .
 a hungry dog sees them .
 a sad dog sits .
 a human beside all humans always avoids all humans by the sad bear .
 some hungry dogs by all hungry dogs jump but she jumps .
 the hungry human beside the happy bear never follows them .
 they sit .
 he always runs .
 they see some happy humans by him but she often runs .
 the dog jumps .
 he often speaks while all hungry dogs often jump .
 they always jump .
 they avoid it .
 some dogs by all happy humans hear them but they often avoid a hungry human .
 they often sit .
 all dogs jump .
 a hungry bear avoids the happy human .
 they sit while she never jumps .
 a dog by the dog sees a sad bear until a happy human always speaks .
 it avoids all humans while he hears the dog .
 he always avoids a happy human .
 some bears jump .
 some happy bears avoid her .
 it avoids her and the sad dog often sees some humans beside some dogs .
 the sad human beside it hears a happy dog .
 it seldom jumps .
 they see some dogs beside them and the dog near some dogs always jumps .
 they follow some dogs near all happy bears but the hungry dog always sits .
 the human runs .
 they avoid a hungry bear .
 he never sits while some bears speak .
 some sad bears with a dog always jump and they hear him .
 it jumps .
 a sad human always speaks until all hungry dogs see them .
 all dogs near all happy humans run but he speaks .
 he speaks .
 some bears beside a human seldom speak .
 some hungry bears jump while all humans often sit .
 it always jumps until they never hear the human by her .
 a sad dog never jumps .
 they run and she speaks .
 all dogs near a bear follow the human .
 a human sits .
 some humans run but all happy bears follow the hungry bear beside her .
 a sad human never avoids a dog .
 some happy bears often jump .
 they never run .
 the sad human near all hungry dogs often sees the human with it until she hears him .
 all happy humans near all bears avoid a happy dog beside all happy bears and some humans never see the hungry bear .
 she seldom sits and the sad bear always hears them .
 she always sees some humans and it never sees them .
 a bear sees her and the happy bear sees some hungry dogs .
 he always follows a dog with them .
 some happy humans sit until they always speak .
 they never sit and it avoids all happy bears .
 he always avoids her until it sits .
 it jumps .
 it often sits .
 the dog always avoids some sad bears near a dog but a dog runs .
 they often jump while they see a sad dog beside a hungry dog .
 a hungry human runs but some humans jump .
 all humans beside a dog always jump .
 a hungry human always speaks but they sit .
 the dog runs until it seldom speaks .
 all hungry bears seldom see all sad dogs while some humans by the human avoid the happy human .
 they sit .
 the bear near him often sees some dogs but the hungry bear follows it .
 a bear sees the human while they seldom jump .
 a hungry dog sees a human while a dog by some hungry bears follows a hungry human .
 the human hears them and a hungry human hears all sad humans .
 the dog follows a happy human while they speak .
 all humans by the sad dog never jump until some humans beside them avoid her .
 he never jumps but he always hears it .
 a human sits but some sad humans by it seldom follow all humans .
 a sad human beside them never speaks while they often avoid the sad bear .
 she always follows all sad dogs beside them and they jump .
 they always speak until some sad humans always avoid a hungry dog by all dogs .
 a hungry bear hears some hungry dogs .
 a human jumps .
 all dogs often see them until some dogs beside a bear often hear all happy bears .
 the human often jumps but some hungry humans near them often see him .
 she avoids all humans near a bear .
 all bears by the human always run while all bears often jump .
 they jump until a dog avoids them .
 a hungry dog by some sad dogs sees them but they always jump .
 they sit and a hungry bear always sits .
 all sad humans by all humans never see them .
 all happy dogs by them always see the hungry human by all hungry humans .
 some humans jump .
 they often hear it but all sad dogs near some sad dogs never sit .
 they never hear the hungry human but the hungry dog follows a dog .
 he seldom avoids the dog .
 some bears jump but they often sit .
 they often sit until a dog beside them always jumps .
 all dogs follow a bear and all dogs by all bears always see all dogs beside a happy bear .
 she often jumps but all sad bears with a sad bear see her .
 the dog by some humans follows them while they hear the happy dog .
 she seldom runs .
 she sits while they often sit .
 they run while they run .
 she never sits until they always speak .
 they seldom follow a hungry human .
 the hungry bear beside all bears runs while they never follow a bear .
 the dog near the hungry human runs until they always see him .
 the human with some hungry humans always jumps .
 it seldom runs until the sad human always follows a human .
 the hungry dog sees all happy bears .
 the hungry dog speaks .
 the human beside some bears jumps .
 the happy bear speaks while they always speak .
 they sit .
 all dogs avoid them .
 some happy dogs often follow the bear .
 the happy bear seldom hears the hungry dog with a sad dog .
 the human never sits .
 a dog by the happy dog often sees all humans .
 the dog seldom avoids some sad dogs .
 all sad humans often avoid the hungry dog by some dogs but a human avoids a sad human .
 they always hear him .
 they sit .
 they never hear a human .
 all dogs never follow some humans by some bears but a happy dog beside a bear sits .
 some hungry humans beside them follow it but a bear near all dogs follows him .
 some bears near him avoid all humans .
 the bear jumps until some bears sit .
 they follow her but the hungry bear always follows the dog near a hungry dog .
 all bears near all dogs speak .
 the hungry bear beside the happy bear hears all dogs .
 a bear never follows all hungry humans with all happy bears .
 they run .
 they avoid them .
 all sad bears see the hungry human but a bear seldom jumps .
 a happy dog near all bears runs but some hungry bears never follow a human by a bear .
 the hungry bear often jumps .
 he always hears some sad dogs but some sad bears seldom hear all hungry humans .
 some happy humans follow a dog .
 all sad bears seldom sit .
 a sad human near it avoids them until they always avoid a hungry human .
 it seldom speaks while a human often jumps .
 they seldom see them until the happy human sits .
 all bears follow a bear .
 they see the bear until they often run .
 a human often follows all hungry bears and a bear avoids them .
 he jumps .
 they seldom sit .
 all dogs see some dogs until some hungry humans seldom sit .
 they speak .
 he seldom follows them .
 some hungry bears with them run .
 all dogs by the sad bear seldom see the sad dog .
 they speak .
 some bears follow them .
 he always jumps .
 a happy bear runs .
 they seldom see it but some hungry humans by all sad dogs seldom sit .
 they often jump .
 all dogs never run .
 some sad dogs never jump .
 all humans near some happy bears seldom follow all humans and a sad human with the bear follows it .
 some dogs see her .
 the human speaks until all hungry humans often sit .
 a sad human hears them .
 some dogs jump and a sad dog with them often jumps .
 all hungry bears never hear them .
 all happy humans jump while some dogs always run .
 all hungry dogs jump while all bears always jump .
 the sad dog never avoids the human by all hungry dogs .
 the dog sits .
 all dogs run while a happy human often follows them .
 the hungry human beside all sad humans jumps until they often sit .
 the happy bear always sits .
 a bear beside them always speaks but the happy bear by the hungry dog speaks .
 she sees all humans but they jump .
 they follow the human near her and some dogs follow all dogs by the dog .
 some happy dogs run .
 some happy humans with her follow a hungry bear with it and some dogs avoid the human .
 they jump .
 a human often runs but the bear often sits .
 some humans with her never hear him until it always jumps .
 a hungry bear runs .
 a bear sits and a dog follows him .
 some hungry bears never see the hungry bear until some dogs always hear them .
 they see the happy dog .
 a sad dog by him sits .
 some happy dogs near all humans often avoid him .
 she hears a human .
 some happy dogs near all hungry humans never hear the bear .
 a human often speaks but the hungry dog sits .
 all happy dogs beside all happy bears seldom run .
 they seldom see a dog .
 he speaks until a dog jumps .
 some hungry humans follow the bear .
 some happy bears often avoid them but they seldom hear the sad dog .
 all dogs often see some dogs with a human until all sad bears often follow the hungry human .
 some sad bears often follow it .
 some dogs always jump .
 a happy human runs until the hungry dog hears a happy bear by him .
 some hungry dogs near the sad human never speak .
 all happy dogs hear a human by some humans but she jumps .
 all sad humans run until a human by all hungry bears always sees all bears by all bears .
 a human hears them .
 she jumps .
 some dogs near it often speak until a happy human seldom follows the happy dog .
 it sits .
 some bears see a happy dog .
 they often avoid the hungry human .
 some hungry dogs by all hungry humans seldom sit until the sad bear near all hungry humans avoids the sad bear .
 a sad bear seldom follows him until the happy dog follows him .
 all sad dogs seldom sit .
 a bear follows some happy humans while a dog follows him .
 some dogs seldom speak but a hungry bear seldom hears all dogs .
 all bears near some sad humans sit .
 the sad dog beside him often hears them but some sad humans seldom follow all happy dogs .
 she seldom follows some sad dogs but they run .
 a sad human sits and all sad bears beside some sad bears often speak .
 all dogs with a sad dog seldom avoid them and it often speaks .
 some happy bears near them jump .
 some dogs hear him .
 they run .
 he often sits and it jumps .
 some dogs seldom jump .
 some hungry humans seldom jump and they see them .
 a hungry bear often follows a bear .
 he never speaks and they run .
 the human near a sad dog seldom sees all bears beside her .
 all humans follow all humans with all happy dogs but they never avoid some sad dogs by them .
 all bears often jump .
 the dog beside the happy human often sits until he never follows some bears .
 the sad dog always hears a human .
 the dog seldom follows it while all sad humans seldom see the dog .
 the hungry bear speaks and all dogs seldom sit .
 it follows some sad dogs near the human but a hungry dog avoids them .
 they often follow all humans .
 it often sits .
 it jumps and they always follow all bears near them .
 all sad humans with all bears follow some bears and some sad bears seldom speak .
 some hungry dogs seldom sit but all hungry bears often follow some humans beside a happy bear .
 they seldom sit .
 all bears with her seldom hear a bear .
 the sad human follows all sad humans by all bears .
 a sad human jumps until some hungry dogs often see it .
 all dogs always jump while the bear speaks .
 a human by them runs .
 the bear beside all hungry humans jumps .
 the sad bear seldom sees him .
 some bears see some hungry bears but some hungry bears seldom sit .
 some hungry dogs always run but a sad human speaks .
 they run until a sad bear follows some bears near them .
 all humans often hear the hungry human near a happy dog but all hungry humans often avoid a human .
 a hungry human never runs .
 all happy bears avoid some sad humans and the dog with the dog follows some dogs with some bears .
 the hungry dog jumps .
 the happy bear never follows her .
 they follow a sad bear .
 a dog speaks but she sits .
 a hungry dog follows a dog but a human speaks .
 some sad dogs always sit .
 the sad bear sees some happy dogs beside him .
 he never hears a bear with them .
 some happy bears with some humans always see it .
 the happy bear sees all hungry bears .
 all hungry humans with a hungry dog often see some hungry humans beside all dogs .
 some dogs run but they never speak .
 a bear near them seldom speaks while they run .
 all hungry humans often follow them .
 a human runs .
 some humans hear them but all sad bears run .
 a hungry dog seldom sits and a human with all hungry bears avoids a human with a hungry human .
 all humans run but some hungry bears follow some dogs near all humans .
 some sad humans seldom follow the human by the happy bear but they seldom follow all bears beside the human .
 the happy bear near some dogs follows it and they see the bear .
 a bear near them avoids some sad humans .
 some happy humans always sit .
 he often sits .
 she always jumps and it speaks .
 the happy dog with all hungry bears avoids him while all happy humans avoid them .
 all sad humans speak but some hungry dogs hear them .
 a bear avoids all bears while a human seldom runs .
 all happy humans sit until some happy bears with some bears follow some happy bears near all hungry bears .
 it always follows her and she sees a dog .
 they often avoid the bear .
 it speaks and all hungry humans beside all sad dogs speak .
 the bear seldom follows the sad dog .
 it seldom avoids them while all bears run .
 all bears with them hear them until the sad human often sits .
 a human hears a human .
 a bear near the bear never sees a human .
 all hungry humans seldom avoid them .
 some bears beside the dog speak .
 they often avoid the hungry human .
 she seldom speaks .
 she speaks .
 a happy human beside some dogs often sees all bears but a human often sits .
 some sad bears follow them until some happy bears beside all happy bears see all happy humans .
 they sit until a human speaks .
 some dogs avoid a bear .
 a dog beside all sad bears speaks .
 he follows some bears and some happy dogs near all dogs follow all humans .
 they speak .
 they always avoid all hungry bears with them but they often hear all happy bears .
 it avoids a hungry dog .
 they jump .
 a human always speaks and some dogs near him seldom sit .
 the hungry human avoids the dog near the human .
 all hungry dogs avoid her .
 they speak while the happy bear with some humans always follows a human beside some sad bears .
 a bear jumps while they seldom jump .
 all hungry dogs never speak until a bear with the dog seldom jumps .
 they sit and all hungry humans never follow it .
 all dogs avoid all dogs but the hungry human seldom sits .
 some happy dogs by him jump but some dogs often see her .
 they jump and a bear always hears them .
 they follow the hungry bear until they never avoid all hungry humans .
 a dog never runs and he follows all bears .
 a hungry dog jumps until a hungry bear sees the sad dog .
 they speak .
 they see it .
 the hungry dog seldom hears them while the happy human often sees some bears .
 he sees them .
 some humans by the happy bear jump and they jump .
 the human runs while some bears by it seldom see a happy bear .
 she hears the happy bear by them .
 all happy bears seldom run and all humans by the bear always run .
 the bear seldom runs .
 he always sits .
 the happy human runs .
 the sad human hears them .
 all hungry bears always avoid a human .
 it follows them .
 a bear beside some sad bears speaks but some sad dogs hear all bears .
 all dogs often hear a sad bear and a hungry human always sees all hungry bears .
 they run but some happy dogs always sit .
 it jumps and she runs .
 the human near a happy bear always speaks until some hungry bears never see all hungry bears .
 some hungry humans jump but they never speak .
 a sad dog always follows her and some bears see the sad dog by some dogs .
 some dogs speak .
 the bear never jumps until the bear follows some hungry humans .
 all hungry bears always hear a human .
 it always sees some happy bears and some bears near all sad bears never sit .
 they hear her .
 they never follow some bears .
 the bear seldom jumps .
 all humans often jump .
 it always sits but all sad humans with a happy dog seldom see them .
 they avoid all humans until it follows it .
 some bears seldom avoid a bear by the bear but he hears all hungry bears .
 some bears seldom speak and it always hears him .
 all happy dogs speak .
 a happy human seldom runs .
 a human follows some sad dogs .
 it sits .
 all sad bears never speak .
 a bear follows a sad dog and some dogs beside her seldom follow her .
 all happy humans never hear the human until all hungry bears often see some happy humans .
 some bears see some dogs beside them and a human beside them never follows them .
 he sits .
 some bears with them never see him while a hungry dog often sees a human with all humans .
 it always speaks .
 the dog speaks until the bear seldom speaks .
 they jump and some hungry humans follow a human .
 some dogs never sit until a bear sits .
 some sad dogs never follow the human .
 a human speaks until all bears by some bears see a bear .
 the bear jumps .
 a dog speaks .
 the dog sits but the happy dog by a dog seldom avoids him .
 some bears see it .
 they always jump and all hungry dogs never run .
 a human seldom hears the sad human .
 the hungry bear by her often sits .
 all hungry bears near some bears avoid them and a sad dog hears a human .
 he speaks while she often follows a dog beside a sad human .
 the human follows some dogs by the hungry dog but a dog near them runs .
 a sad human often sees them and he runs .
 some happy dogs always hear him .
 some happy dogs avoid the dog .
 all dogs seldom avoid a sad human .
 they always see it and all happy dogs with all happy bears see them .
 some hungry humans sit but a sad bear sits .
 the dog speaks .
 the happy dog beside her seldom sees some happy dogs but some humans never avoid all humans by it .
 all hungry humans see a sad bear .
 they often avoid the dog .
 a human sits .
 all humans seldom follow the bear by it .
 all dogs with them seldom sit and some sad humans always hear the happy bear near some humans .
 a happy dog sits .
 they see some hungry bears .
 all dogs avoid some bears near all bears .
 a sad bear by her hears all hungry dogs while the human seldom jumps .
 the happy human near some happy bears always runs .
 they always jump .
 all sad dogs follow them and she hears all happy dogs with a dog .
 he sees some sad humans .
 all happy bears sit and the human near them jumps .
 it hears the hungry bear by them .
 it seldom sees it .
 they run .
 a sad dog beside them always sees some dogs until they never run .
 all dogs hear a sad bear and it jumps .
 some dogs beside some sad humans always run .
 some humans hear the hungry dog and they run .
 some bears sit but all sad humans often speak .
 they seldom jump while a bear beside the dog sits .
 the dog always sits while a hungry bear near a sad bear always follows some sad humans beside the human .
 the dog with a bear sits while some sad humans by all humans never avoid the happy dog .
 all humans hear a hungry dog .
 all humans often follow all hungry dogs until a hungry bear never jumps .
 a dog by them never jumps while a dog beside a human seldom speaks .
 all sad dogs often speak .
 the dog follows the sad human until the bear with them often runs .
 a human sits .
 she sees all hungry bears beside the happy dog .
 some dogs speak .
 the sad dog never sees all humans by some dogs until the sad bear with them follows some bears .
 she jumps .
 all bears by a dog run .
 she seldom sees a dog but a bear avoids him .
 they speak .
 the hungry bear always avoids a human .
 he sits .
 the hungry human follows the hungry dog .
 some humans follow a bear beside the bear .
 all humans run .
 they never jump but some bears beside some bears always speak .
 some bears see a dog while it always speaks .
 he speaks .
 she often runs but some happy humans always speak .
 a bear sees a human .
 the sad dog beside a bear often hears it .
 some bears with some sad humans see all bears near the dog .
 the human seldom sits while a sad dog sits .
 he avoids all dogs near some hungry dogs but the bear never follows a human beside a human .
 some sad humans seldom follow the human .
 a hungry bear speaks .
 they never hear the hungry bear until some humans avoid them .
 the dog avoids him and all humans beside some bears often see the happy dog .
 the human with the dog avoids some bears beside them but some bears see it .
 the bear jumps .
 the hungry bear runs .
 he never sits .
 a human never speaks until a dog beside them follows them .
 he follows some dogs until the human speaks .
 she follows them .
 the human near the hungry dog sees the sad human .
 a dog speaks while some dogs sit .
 some humans with a happy bear always follow it until they never run .
 all bears beside a dog hear all sad bears while a bear speaks .
 it sees all dogs near some sad humans .
 she speaks .
 all humans often speak but the hungry bear with them often speaks .
 the happy human sits .
 he speaks .
 the hungry bear with a bear seldom sees a hungry bear while he seldom sees all happy humans .
 some bears near the bear always see all bears until some sad dogs seldom run .
 they never hear all happy bears with it until some hungry bears see all dogs .
 all bears speak .
 all hungry dogs beside him speak .
 a human seldom sees the hungry dog while they always see a human .
 all humans always see her .
 the human often speaks until he often speaks .
 all humans never sit but they always sit .
 the dog runs .
 they seldom hear all sad dogs .
 they sit but some hungry dogs near the dog often see the sad dog .
 some bears by them run while all humans always jump .
 they seldom hear him .
 all sad bears see all humans but they sit .
 they run .
 they seldom speak .
 they seldom avoid all bears beside them .
 she sees the sad bear .
 he always hears them while all bears never speak .
 some bears often follow the human beside him .
 they sit until some hungry dogs run .
 a happy bear always jumps .
 all happy dogs speak and the human with some bears seldom hears her .
 all bears always sit until it sits .
 they always see some bears beside some humans but a dog by them always jumps .
 a human avoids some happy bears and they jump .
 they often speak .
 a happy human with all dogs seldom sees all dogs beside the dog .
 the bear with a dog seldom jumps until all sad dogs never speak .
 they follow her .
 the bear seldom jumps until they sit .
 the dog runs .
 they follow all dogs near all bears but the happy bear seldom speaks .
 a hungry dog often runs but they often hear some humans .
 all sad bears with all sad dogs often jump .
 all hungry bears avoid the human .
 some sad dogs follow her and they speak .
 the bear sits while the human hears the hungry bear .
 a human by it often runs but some sad bears speak .
 the dog with a hungry bear avoids them but some hungry bears beside a dog follow her .
 all happy dogs seldom sit .
 they avoid him while the bear runs .
 all dogs run .
 they seldom avoid them and the sad human speaks .
 all sad bears near the happy bear always speak .
 they always jump and a hungry dog near them sits .
 all happy humans see all hungry dogs while some happy humans speak .
 they often speak .
 a dog always runs but all bears sit .
 all happy humans near the hungry bear sit .
 they speak .
 they see some dogs .
 the hungry dog by a dog runs .
 a sad bear by some bears never follows some bears beside her and he runs .
 the hungry bear with it always runs while all hungry dogs follow some happy bears .
 he avoids the sad bear near all hungry humans until it speaks .
 she often follows them but the human avoids them .
 all happy bears run but he sees them .
 all sad bears follow them and a dog never sees the dog .
 they often sit until they seldom see all happy bears .
 all hungry humans often hear them but she sees them .
 the happy human runs but they speak .
 some bears always speak .
 the sad human always sees some happy dogs .
 the hungry dog runs .
 she often jumps .
 she never sees all humans and a hungry dog sits .
 all bears run .
 she seldom avoids them .
 some happy bears beside the happy human avoid the bear while a bear speaks .
 all happy dogs speak .
 a hungry bear beside all dogs sits but some humans sit .
 they seldom hear all sad dogs and a sad bear often sees them .
 the bear by a hungry human hears the sad dog .
 some sad dogs beside all sad humans see a bear with the sad bear until a sad human with some sad dogs avoids the dog with it .
 they jump and they sit .
 they often follow some dogs with some happy dogs until the dog by her never speaks .
 a bear by all sad humans runs and some dogs with a human never avoid all dogs with some happy bears .
 some sad bears avoid some hungry bears until some bears avoid the human .
 a hungry bear jumps .
 a dog by it seldom jumps and all sad dogs beside them seldom avoid them .
 the bear never follows all bears .
 all dogs beside a sad dog sit .
 some hungry humans often avoid a happy human by them while some dogs beside the sad human jump .
 all hungry humans run .
 she often sees the human with some happy bears but they see them .
 a dog follows a dog .
 all hungry dogs see it .
 a sad dog seldom runs .
 the bear speaks but some bears sit .
 some humans seldom speak .
 the dog with it always hears a happy human .
 a sad dog often sits .
 some hungry bears near a human often jump .
 all dogs often follow the bear until they never sit .
 the dog never speaks .
 the sad human with it seldom avoids the sad dog with all dogs while the dog avoids them .
 a sad human hears a human and some dogs hear all hungry humans .
 a sad bear speaks .
 all dogs with all dogs never run while she sees all bears .
 all bears often see the happy dog .
 it seldom follows the hungry dog by some humans .
 she jumps .
 a bear often follows the dog .
 all dogs by all dogs hear some bears and all humans run .
 they sit .
 all bears near them hear her but she avoids a sad human .
 a dog always jumps until the dog seldom jumps .
 some happy bears with them see all sad bears but all hungry dogs speak .
 they never hear some dogs .
 the human sits while the happy bear sees the sad human .
 all bears often speak until all sad humans avoid all dogs .
 the happy bear sees all happy bears .
 all humans speak .
 some sad bears by them seldom avoid her .
 they see them .
 a human near them never follows the bear .
 he avoids all humans but some bears by all hungry bears often jump .
 he sees them .
 the happy bear beside a dog sits .
 some dogs follow the dog while the sad dog hears the bear by them .
 some humans jump and all dogs often hear a human .
 he jumps .
 he often runs while they jump .
 it hears all humans while some dogs never see some hungry humans near him .
 the human with the sad dog speaks until all hungry humans near some sad dogs avoid all humans near all bears .
 the hungry bear sits .
 all bears often jump .
 they seldom hear them while a bear never hears the bear .
 all sad bears speak .
 the happy dog follows them .
 they sit .
 it hears some dogs .
 a dog seldom follows a dog with him while they run .
 some dogs run but the hungry human never speaks .
 all hungry bears seldom run .
 they always run .
 a sad human often hears a bear and all bears near them often see all humans by the happy dog .
 some dogs with her seldom follow the dog beside a human and some sad dogs near all sad dogs jump .
 they often sit .
 all humans avoid the bear by the hungry dog until they speak .
 all hungry bears beside all humans run until he speaks .
 all humans with the bear never run until some dogs jump .
 they see the dog beside them until the human seldom sees all bears .
 some dogs with them hear the sad bear beside a hungry bear .
 he hears the human until some dogs jump .
 a human beside a human avoids him but some sad bears sit .
 it runs .
 all hungry dogs always sit until they sit .
 some humans never speak .
 the human with it always avoids a happy human .
 the dog speaks .
 he often sees all bears .
 all dogs never run and some dogs always follow them .
 some humans seldom run while some hungry humans near them always run .
 all humans jump .
 they see him but the sad human always hears them .
 the happy human by some humans never sees him .
 the dog near a happy dog runs until some humans by some happy dogs always sit .
 a human always runs .
 he seldom runs .
 all humans by the hungry bear often avoid a dog .
 all humans by them always run .
 it never follows all sad humans .
 a hungry human never avoids a dog .
 a happy dog beside a dog often follows all dogs .
 the human never avoids the dog near some dogs until she follows some humans .
 a human sits .
 the hungry bear often speaks and the sad dog by them often sees some sad dogs .
 they never hear the bear .
 the happy dog follows the human and he sees all bears .
 they often sit while they always speak .
 a happy dog always speaks .
 they see a bear until all bears seldom run .
 some hungry bears speak .
 a sad dog often avoids her .
 some bears avoid her .
 the sad human often hears them but all sad bears speak .
 they follow them until they run .
 all humans avoid all dogs .
 all bears speak .
 they always run and all humans see a happy bear .
 he sits .
 she sees a dog .
 all humans with all hungry dogs always sit .
 she follows the bear but they often sit .
 it seldom runs and they often follow all dogs .
 they sit until a bear seldom speaks .
 they sit .
 she runs .
 a dog often avoids the human near a human until some dogs jump .
 the hungry bear always sits while the human never hears the dog .
 all happy dogs near them always jump .
 they hear him until he sees them .
 some sad bears seldom avoid all dogs and a happy human often jumps .
 the dog by some dogs never sits until a dog avoids all sad humans .
 she follows a hungry bear with some bears but he hears some humans by some happy humans .
 the dog by all dogs seldom hears some dogs by the happy bear .
 some humans with the hungry bear see some hungry dogs but all dogs always sit .
 they often avoid the dog with some dogs .
 the hungry dog never jumps until a dog often runs .
 she jumps .
 all dogs by her never avoid all hungry bears by some happy bears .
 they sit .
 a dog jumps .
 some hungry bears jump .
 all hungry humans hear some hungry humans until they often jump .
 the human sees the human .
 the hungry dog often jumps but all hungry dogs run .
 she never follows the bear .
 the bear near some hungry dogs always avoids them .
 they jump while some humans beside some sad bears seldom see it .
 they always avoid all sad humans and she jumps .
 some hungry bears often hear some bears but it follows him .
 they seldom jump while a sad human follows the dog beside some bears .
 they hear them but they often run .
 a sad bear often follows some humans and a bear never follows some sad dogs .
 they never speak while all dogs often avoid all humans near some humans .
 it never hears it .
 all hungry bears sit until all humans beside some bears hear the bear .
 she always sits .
 some dogs often follow some happy bears .
 the sad human sits .
 he sits until a human speaks .
 it never jumps until a bear speaks .
 some happy dogs follow a dog and a sad human beside the bear always speaks .
 the bear with all hungry dogs often sees some hungry humans and the bear always jumps .
 he hears the happy dog beside all humans .
 they jump .
 some dogs sit .
 some bears always speak .
 he always sits while a human seldom jumps .
 a human often sees some humans until it seldom sees him .
 the dog never jumps .
 all dogs follow all humans .
 a hungry human never sits but a dog always runs .
 he often avoids him .
 a happy bear hears some bears .
 all happy dogs often sit .
 the dog by a dog sits while a human by all happy dogs always speaks .
 a happy dog speaks but some humans run .
 a sad bear by a happy bear seldom sits but he avoids the sad dog .
 it avoids all bears and all hungry bears with a human follow him .
 they always sit until some humans with a hungry dog never hear a dog .
 all humans seldom jump .
 all sad humans with the happy bear never speak until he speaks .
 they hear them and it never hears the dog .
 all dogs seldom follow a human until a human follows the happy dog beside them .
 some dogs see some humans .
 a happy human hears the sad bear but all happy dogs see all bears .
 all hungry humans seldom run but they often run .
 some sad dogs run until some happy bears by him often follow all humans beside the dog .
 some dogs often jump while he always avoids some dogs .
 some dogs seldom sit but all happy bears always follow them .
 it seldom sits .
 it always sees all humans until he sees some humans beside some sad humans .
 the sad dog often runs .
 the sad human seldom sits and the dog always avoids all happy humans near them .
 the hungry human beside them often follows a sad bear while the bear hears all humans .
 it seldom sees him .
 they speak and some humans avoid it .
 the sad bear with him seldom hears all humans .
 he often hears them and the hungry bear often sits .
 all bears with some dogs seldom avoid some sad dogs .
 some sad bears always see a sad human .
 they avoid all dogs near the hungry human until he speaks .
 they always jump .
 the human avoids her until a human near all happy bears jumps .
 they never jump .
 some humans see them .
 all dogs by a human see all bears with a human until all sad dogs follow them .
 they speak but some sad bears avoid the happy dog .
 the bear never speaks .
 he hears them and they seldom avoid all happy humans beside the dog .
 a bear follows some hungry bears until he seldom jumps .
 she sits but it avoids all bears beside a happy dog .
 the human with some bears speaks until some happy humans often see it .
 they hear it until some dogs always hear the sad bear .
 it never jumps and the sad bear avoids a happy dog with all happy humans .
 a bear with her avoids some dogs but they always jump .
 all sad humans always run and he speaks .
 a happy human sits .
 all hungry humans beside him always run until they seldom follow some humans .
 she often follows a dog by him .
 some dogs beside all happy bears follow a human and they always avoid her .
 some happy dogs seldom hear a bear while they never jump .
 a bear always speaks but he speaks .
 they see them while all humans often run .
 some happy bears follow them and the happy dog beside it speaks .
 a human sees the happy human .
 they seldom see them .
 they run while the bear often avoids them .
 a bear often sees all dogs until a sad human avoids them .
 the bear sits .
 they often hear the sad dog near him while the hungry dog by the bear always sees the bear beside them .
 a human often follows some sad bears .
 some sad bears with all happy humans always follow him .
 all hungry bears see all hungry dogs but he seldom runs .
 all humans speak .
 he avoids it .
 it seldom runs while all hungry bears beside it always avoid a human .
 she often speaks .
 a human near some humans speaks .
 she jumps .
 a human seldom avoids them while the dog runs .
 a happy bear often hears a dog .
 all hungry humans near all humans often see a human but they often jump .
 some bears always avoid them but a sad human never hears her .
 she avoids them .
 some dogs never speak but a bear never follows some humans near some happy bears .
 he never hears them .
 she often sees the bear but some humans beside the sad dog often hear them .
 all sad dogs never speak until a hungry dog beside a human sees a human .
 he often avoids them and they follow a bear by it .
 a happy dog by all hungry dogs often avoids all dogs and the happy bear never runs .
 he always sits while it seldom sees some sad bears .
 they never run .
 some sad humans run while a dog jumps .
 all sad humans follow it and a sad bear always sees them .
 all hungry bears seldom speak while the sad bear often hears some hungry dogs .
 a sad human runs until a hungry human sees the happy dog .
 all bears by some hungry humans sit .
 she seldom avoids it .
 a happy dog beside the bear hears her .
 they always hear the bear by the sad bear .
 a hungry bear with a human always follows them while she often runs .
 all sad humans with some bears never sit .
 they often see them .
 a bear near some hungry bears sits and it sits .
 the hungry dog sees some humans .
 they avoid them .
 it never speaks until some hungry bears often sit .
 the hungry bear jumps and they never see her .
 she avoids all hungry humans by some dogs and the bear near them never speaks .
 they often hear all humans and they always follow some sad dogs beside all bears .
 some bears with all hungry dogs jump but some hungry bears always speak .
 a human jumps .
 all humans always jump but it never follows the happy dog with some sad humans .
 some humans often see them .
 all bears near a sad bear seldom see them but all happy bears seldom run .
 the bear jumps while some bears jump .
 a happy human seldom sees the sad dog by a happy bear .
 all humans always follow it .
 all bears often follow a human .
 all dogs always speak while all humans sit .
 they always see the hungry human .
 all bears by it speak and a sad bear sees a sad bear with the sad bear .
 a sad bear never sits .
 a human seldom avoids the sad dog .
 all bears with him run .
 some sad bears by them seldom see them .
 she often hears it until some happy bears often run .
 all sad dogs beside the hungry dog see him .
 they avoid the happy human near some bears .
 he avoids it until the hungry human often speaks .
 it seldom avoids a dog but a happy dog with a bear seldom follows a bear beside her .
 some humans speak .
 she jumps .
 they sit .
 all bears by all sad dogs always jump .
 some hungry dogs hear them while a human always avoids some happy bears .
 some hungry bears seldom see all happy humans beside it while some humans by a hungry bear hear a happy dog .
 some happy bears run .
 the dog beside some sad humans follows some dogs beside some bears .
 the sad dog always runs while they follow all humans .
 the bear by the happy dog never follows the dog while they avoid them .
 a sad bear sits .
 the hungry dog with him runs and a hungry dog often sits .
 they hear them .
 all happy bears hear them .
 the happy human beside the happy bear never follows them .
 they avoid a dog with the sad bear until a happy bear never runs .
 some happy humans seldom follow some humans .
 the human by all happy dogs always sees them and the happy dog runs .
 it sees them and some dogs with some dogs seldom avoid them .
 all happy bears near some humans never run .
 a dog near it runs .
 a bear with them hears all sad bears and all dogs often jump .
 all hungry dogs sit until some dogs never follow a sad human .
 a sad dog beside them speaks .
 they always avoid a bear with some dogs until they often see all humans .
 some happy dogs always see all sad dogs .
 all humans seldom see a dog by the dog and some humans with some hungry humans sit .
 she speaks .
 the hungry human sits while a bear hears some bears beside all humans .
 she speaks .
 they avoid all sad humans while they see them .
 a hungry dog avoids a sad human and a happy dog jumps .
 the bear jumps .
 all hungry dogs by a human speak while they sit .
 all dogs seldom run until the bear with some bears always jumps .
 it always runs .
 they run but a bear hears a hungry bear .
 a human always avoids a bear .
 it often hears a sad bear with all bears and some humans never hear the bear .
 a bear never speaks and all hungry bears never sit .
 all dogs never avoid some bears .
 a happy bear never speaks .
 they follow a bear and a happy bear often sees a happy human .
 a bear near it hears the sad dog .
 a dog always jumps until the happy human by some humans avoids all dogs .
 some humans sit .
 it never speaks .
 they seldom follow a dog with them .
 a human by them jumps and a sad bear runs .
 some hungry bears with all bears jump .
 a sad human beside it avoids them but the hungry human near the hungry human often jumps .
 they follow some sad bears while some humans with a hungry bear follow him .
 it seldom avoids them until a bear seldom follows it .
 some happy dogs by all bears seldom follow some humans with a sad dog .
 he sees some happy bears by the happy dog but they seldom run .
 all dogs with them never speak but the happy human beside them speaks .
 the human jumps but he always jumps .
 all humans near the bear always follow a hungry dog .
 a sad dog often avoids all humans and they never follow a hungry bear .
 he jumps .
 the sad dog follows a dog beside the dog .
 the dog always speaks .
 some dogs by them never jump while a sad human hears all sad dogs with her .
 they sit while the happy bear avoids some dogs .
 some bears near the bear follow some happy humans .
 all bears often jump but all hungry dogs never avoid the dog with them .
 the bear never jumps .
 it follows them and some bears jump .
 a dog sees the human beside her while the bear often sits .
 they speak and the bear never runs .
 they often see a dog near it but the human runs .
 the happy dog always avoids the bear and they speak .
 the dog always hears them until all bears always see some sad bears .
 all bears sit until she seldom follows all dogs .
 he jumps until some happy dogs seldom avoid the bear .
 a happy dog seldom runs .
 they avoid her until all hungry humans near some sad dogs seldom see them .
 they see her .
 a bear avoids the sad dog beside a bear while she speaks .
 they seldom see some sad humans .
 she seldom follows all bears until some humans hear them .
 all sad dogs never see them while all humans never follow all happy dogs .
 all hungry dogs always run but the dog near a happy human never avoids some happy dogs beside the happy bear .
 a bear near the human follows it .
 a human never speaks and some bears with him always speak .
 the happy dog with all bears seldom speaks .
 some happy humans always hear some happy dogs by a bear until all sad humans sit .
 they seldom hear them until they run .
 they always hear them .
 all happy bears seldom see the happy human .
 the happy bear beside them often speaks .
 they hear her but all happy dogs follow them .
 the dog follows them .
 a bear avoids some dogs near some dogs .
 he never sits and the human seldom sees the bear .
 some sad dogs with the happy dog never see all bears beside the human .
 all bears beside her often sit .
 she never runs but they often sit .
 the human sits but they never speak .
 they speak and it avoids the bear by it .
 a human seldom follows them .
 the bear speaks while he seldom avoids the hungry dog .
 all humans beside a hungry bear run .
 the bear always sits and a hungry bear near some hungry dogs never jumps .
 some humans by all bears seldom run .
 all sad bears jump .
 some dogs with the hungry human sit .
 all sad dogs hear it .
 all happy humans jump .
 they seldom sit until some sad bears near a dog often avoid them .
 they often speak .
 some sad dogs by the happy human always sit while he avoids some bears .
 a happy dog hears a sad human by the hungry dog and he always sits .
 she seldom hears them .
 they often hear it .
 all sad humans avoid the bear near them .
 it runs until she avoids them .
 a dog by them hears them while all happy humans hear all hungry humans with them .
 all sad dogs see a dog while the dog always follows the sad human near some happy humans .
 all hungry humans avoid her .
 all humans seldom see a happy bear until a human beside all dogs hears them .
 some dogs with them never follow some sad dogs near him .
 it sees the happy human by a hungry dog and some sad humans follow a dog .
 they sit but all sad bears with a hungry human often sit .
 the sad human sees some bears near all bears .
 they avoid them but it jumps .
 they speak .
 the bear follows some dogs .
 all humans seldom jump but the bear often sits .
 a dog with some happy dogs seldom avoids a human with all sad dogs until all hungry humans often follow them .
 she sits .
 a sad bear avoids some happy humans with the bear and it sees some happy bears near a human .
 she often runs while a happy human always runs .
 all dogs hear him and she jumps .
 she follows a human but they never see the human .
 all bears speak .
 it avoids them .
 they avoid them .
 a bear speaks .
 a bear by all happy dogs seldom runs .
 he speaks until some dogs often hear some hungry humans .
 a happy dog with some hungry humans seldom runs until some dogs always sit .
 some happy humans often follow it .
 a hungry bear never hears her .
 all humans hear them .
 some humans often see some hungry humans and a sad human never speaks .
 the human often follows a hungry bear .
 they hear him until a happy bear beside some humans speaks .
 a sad bear sees some happy dogs .
 a bear never hears them but the sad human sees her .
 all dogs beside her often see some humans but some happy bears by a happy dog follow it .
 a human beside the sad human never jumps and the bear always sees him .
 all bears near a dog avoid the happy human and they always follow some hungry bears .
 all sad humans run .
 the happy bear speaks .
 a happy bear near the sad human sees a dog .
 they seldom run .
 all sad dogs with some sad dogs jump .
 the happy human follows them .
 it always hears them .
 it avoids a human .
 the sad dog always follows them until he sits .
 they always see some dogs .
 it avoids the sad dog beside them .
 they seldom speak while the sad dog avoids her .
 some humans often jump .
 all humans beside them hear a hungry dog and they hear a hungry bear .
 all humans run .
 he seldom jumps .
 some sad dogs speak and it runs .
 some humans follow a hungry human .
 all dogs avoid all humans by all hungry humans .
 the dog never runs .
 all happy dogs near them often run .
 it seldom speaks .
 all sad bears beside them never avoid all dogs but he always hears him .
 they often hear him .
 all hungry humans beside the sad human see them but all bears by the happy bear run .
 some hungry dogs by them seldom speak .
 the sad human by the dog often follows them and she speaks .
 they jump until he never follows all dogs .
 it never jumps .
 he seldom sees them .
 some hungry humans near the sad dog always run until a sad dog runs .
 she always sits and she seldom hears a bear .
 a dog often speaks and all humans often hear some bears .
 the sad bear seldom speaks .
 they often speak but he sees her .
 the sad human often hears a happy dog .
 he follows the sad human .
 a dog always sees the dog and all dogs seldom sit .
 all happy bears follow them and a hungry bear near a bear speaks .
 all happy humans always speak but all hungry dogs near a hungry human speak .
 some dogs often avoid all dogs .
 it always sits and they jump .
 they seldom sit while they always sit .
 it always speaks .
 all happy dogs seldom sit and he hears all dogs near some bears .
 the sad bear always avoids a hungry bear but they always hear the human .
 a bear near all dogs speaks while some bears sit .
 they often speak and the happy dog by some hungry humans avoids it .
 it seldom jumps .
 a dog beside all happy dogs often avoids some bears .
 a hungry bear near some dogs avoids all humans until all sad dogs see it .
 a bear speaks but he never runs .
 all dogs see all sad humans until the hungry human often sits .
 they jump .
 he seldom hears the human but it often runs .
 a happy bear avoids them .
 she sits until some hungry bears jump .
 all happy bears seldom run until all bears avoid some bears .
 he avoids the hungry human near them until a dog never follows the human near all humans .
 the sad dog near some happy bears runs .
 a hungry human follows all hungry dogs beside all sad dogs .
 the dog runs but they never see a human .
 all sad humans near some sad bears speak .
 the bear sees some dogs and he sees the dog by her .
 he sits .
 all bears often run .
 a dog sees some hungry humans until all dogs see some hungry dogs .
 all happy bears beside the happy bear sit .
 all sad bears seldom sit while a sad human near some humans often follows them .
 all humans follow all hungry humans .
 he seldom follows all bears .
 they sit and all dogs with them hear her .
 the bear by all humans speaks until all bears never see them .
 all dogs near some hungry humans often see all hungry humans .
 all humans always sit while the sad human sits .
 some bears see them .
 a dog often speaks .
 all hungry bears run and a human never speaks .
 the human hears some hungry humans .
 all bears often sit .
 the bear speaks and the human near some dogs sits .
 all hungry humans beside all humans hear her but some bears beside the human often sit .
 a bear jumps .
 all hungry dogs seldom jump and the happy human beside a hungry bear often runs .
 a hungry human with the hungry dog sits while the human by them follows some humans .
 the dog beside a bear runs until they often avoid it .
 they often speak but the bear by a bear jumps .
 the dog often avoids a dog while she always follows them .
 they often jump until the human jumps .
 they always run and he sits .
 all humans with him seldom follow them and a bear by some happy dogs never follows some happy dogs by it .
 they often follow a human .
 it runs and some humans speak .
 all dogs with him follow all happy dogs .
 a human avoids a dog .
 some hungry bears with some hungry bears jump until the bear hears some sad bears .
 it sees the sad dog while all humans speak .
 a dog often follows all sad humans until he seldom avoids him .
 it runs .
 some bears always follow some happy bears .
 all happy bears by him never sit .
 the hungry dog runs .
 he speaks .
 he always speaks and they often run .
 they run .
 they jump .
 they often jump until the bear never hears some happy humans beside all happy dogs .
 she avoids him and all humans often speak .
 some bears follow them and they never jump .
 the happy bear seldom jumps .
 some bears by all humans never sit while they avoid them .
 a hungry dog always sits while the human jumps .
 it never hears the bear while a bear near a human never jumps .
 a hungry human by some happy bears follows the dog .
 it sits .
 all happy bears near the hungry dog follow the dog .
 she runs and some bears near the hungry human avoid it .
 they speak while they jump .
 some happy bears follow her .
 some sad dogs with a human jump and he sits .
 all sad dogs near all humans sit and all hungry humans seldom run .
 a human by some dogs often hears all dogs beside him .
 some bears by a sad human jump but the sad bear jumps .
 some humans often see the sad human .
 the sad dog avoids the hungry dog but the hungry bear sits .
 they seldom speak while some dogs seldom see a dog .
 all bears by all bears seldom see some bears by a human while they often hear a human near them .
 the hungry human by the hungry human always follows it until all hungry bears near them jump .
 a happy dog often hears the hungry human beside all hungry bears .
 it seldom jumps .
 all sad bears never avoid the happy human .
 a happy human by them follows some humans but some happy humans often avoid all sad humans by the hungry human .
 some bears speak .
 a human always runs and some humans near him hear them .
 he follows them until the dog never avoids her .
 they speak until they avoid some sad dogs .
 she runs while the hungry dog always follows some bears with the happy bear .
 some humans sit .
 some humans often sit while they sit .
 all sad humans often see some dogs .
 they always speak .
 all humans run .
 all sad humans follow all happy dogs beside all hungry humans .
 all happy bears near some sad dogs run .
 all dogs near them sit but some hungry bears seldom sit .
 all hungry bears see the human .
 all sad humans always run .
 the human follows all happy bears beside him but a hungry bear near them never hears it .
 a bear jumps .
 she seldom follows all bears while they run .
 it often sees all happy bears .
 all bears run until some humans run .
 they often jump .
 some bears hear the happy human while a sad dog sits .
 some humans sit .
 some dogs follow her and a hungry human never speaks .
 she runs but all humans often see it .
 they always avoid some dogs .
 the dog often avoids the hungry dog until some hungry dogs often see them .
 they see all humans .
 a sad dog often sits and the happy bear by all dogs hears all dogs by the sad bear .
 a human often avoids them until the bear seldom speaks .
 all hungry dogs seldom avoid it .
 some dogs near them run until they avoid him .
 all sad humans seldom avoid them .
 a dog by a sad human speaks and it always hears him .
 all sad dogs hear all happy humans by all dogs while a dog seldom runs .
 some dogs seldom hear all sad dogs near the human .
 a hungry bear follows him until the dog near some humans sits .
 some sad humans see him until some humans beside some bears often see all humans .
 he sits while the bear beside him never avoids a sad dog .
 they hear them .
 they hear the bear while some bears speak .
 he never speaks .
 a dog seldom avoids the bear but she always sits .
 all happy humans always hear them .
 she seldom hears them .
 he always sees a happy dog .
 a happy bear by them seldom follows some humans .
 he always follows the hungry bear near him .
 she often speaks until the sad human seldom follows some sad dogs by the sad human .
 they sit while they seldom speak .
 he always avoids the happy dog by them .
 a bear near a dog avoids the human .
 all dogs jump while some dogs often jump .
 all hungry dogs seldom hear a hungry dog .
 a bear beside the hungry human never avoids some bears .
 a human never sits until they often follow them .
 a human beside it never sits .
 all humans beside the hungry human avoid all happy humans but some sad humans sit .
 they seldom jump and a hungry bear by the sad dog never follows them .
 a dog sees her .
 they see them but all hungry dogs hear all bears near a dog .
 all humans near them never sit and all bears often jump .
 all happy bears near the bear always speak until he always hears the bear by her .
 some bears often hear the hungry bear while they run .
 some sad dogs never jump .
 the happy human avoids some dogs by a hungry bear while all happy dogs near the sad dog jump .
 all sad dogs hear him .
 some sad dogs follow the human until she always follows the sad human .
 the human by all sad dogs follows all humans while some humans by some happy humans hear them .
 a happy human often sees them while she always avoids all dogs .
 it often jumps and she never speaks .
 they hear a dog beside them but all humans see a happy dog .
 they run and the human sees all dogs by the human .
 all sad bears often run .
 she always avoids the hungry bear but some hungry dogs run .
 it hears a bear beside the happy dog .
 some humans with some dogs seldom sit until some dogs run .
 a dog speaks but they jump .
 all sad humans speak .
 the sad human never follows some hungry humans with him .
 the hungry bear jumps until some sad bears hear it .
 they see all bears with some hungry humans while all hungry bears jump .
 the human with some hungry dogs jumps but some happy humans jump .
 all dogs by her run .
 some bears run .
 some hungry humans jump .
 she sits .
 some dogs with some dogs jump and the sad dog seldom follows all humans beside the happy bear .
 some happy humans near a sad human always see all sad bears while some hungry bears run .
 all happy bears near him never hear a dog .
 a bear sees them .
 some humans never see all sad bears .
 a bear near some sad bears sees the hungry bear beside her .
 all sad bears near all sad bears often speak and a dog sits .
 they jump and some sad bears avoid them .
 they never follow some bears .
 he avoids all hungry bears and they see some bears with the sad bear .
 all happy dogs sit .
 they speak until he follows the bear by them .
 the human often sits .
 she seldom speaks .
 some sad humans follow a bear while a dog follows her .
 the human seldom avoids the bear .
 he always hears all happy bears with the happy human while some sad humans run .
 some dogs seldom avoid the dog but he jumps .
 some happy humans beside the hungry human hear them .
 all sad bears see some hungry bears .
 it always sees some sad humans .
 it often follows it until the human never sits .
 she often follows a bear and the sad bear sees a human .
 the happy dog always hears all dogs and all happy humans near it often see her .
 a dog sees them .
 he always jumps .
 they never see some humans by them .
 a human seldom runs .
 they jump .
 a bear near the dog always jumps but some happy humans often run .
 he never sees it until a sad dog always speaks .
 some happy bears always jump .
 all sad humans sit .
 they run .
 they speak while some happy bears beside them run .
 some bears run and the happy dog with some bears always runs .
 some hungry dogs seldom sit while they sit .
 it never speaks .
 some sad bears hear them .
 the dog jumps .
 a dog always sits .
 it hears a sad human beside some bears until it avoids them .
 it seldom follows her until a hungry bear never jumps .
 she runs and some dogs never avoid all happy bears .
 they often see the bear .
 they often sit .
 all humans never sit .
 he jumps .
 a sad human by him jumps .
 a human with all happy humans often sits while the hungry dog always sits .
 it never speaks and all sad humans never hear them .
 they always speak until all hungry bears see all hungry humans beside the hungry dog .
 a sad dog runs .
 they often follow a bear .
 they see all bears beside all bears .
 it never avoids a human .
 all happy dogs near a dog always follow the dog .
 they always hear all bears with it .
 they often see him and the happy human sits .
 they often hear all dogs and some bears see all dogs near some hungry humans .
 they always run .
 she seldom avoids them .
 they always see them .
 a bear always speaks but they always run .
 he follows her while the happy bear with the sad human never sits .
 a sad bear jumps .
 he seldom follows the bear until some dogs with a bear always see a sad bear .
 a dog never speaks .
 all humans beside all sad humans follow some dogs with her while they speak .
 she sits and some sad bears jump .
 they speak but some humans beside a dog seldom sit .
 a dog seldom follows all hungry bears but some bears with the hungry bear always jump .
 some dogs seldom see some hungry humans .
 they always run and it seldom runs .
 all hungry bears always see them but a human always sits .
 it follows them but a bear seldom jumps .
 all dogs hear it and he often speaks .
 they run .
 a happy bear with them runs .
 the bear often speaks and a hungry dog always sits .
 the happy human avoids them .
 they follow all happy humans but some happy dogs with the dog often jump .
 some bears speak .
 some happy bears see a sad dog while a happy human speaks .
 a bear runs while some bears hear the happy bear .
 the hungry dog by all humans always jumps .
 he speaks and they hear her .
 he seldom hears them .
 some dogs often speak and all hungry dogs often hear some hungry bears with them .
 some happy bears beside them jump and they follow the human .
 he sits and a hungry bear with the hungry dog always avoids all happy humans by some bears .
 a happy human always speaks and some hungry dogs by him sit .
 some bears avoid all hungry bears .
 they often follow it and some hungry humans always follow all humans .
 some bears jump .
 they always avoid some dogs .
 they never run and a human often hears them .
 a human never hears the hungry bear and some bears hear some bears beside all humans .
 a hungry bear beside her often speaks .
 they never avoid some happy bears by her while a dog often hears her .
 all dogs near a happy dog run and the bear hears the dog .
 they often follow the human .
 they always speak .
 all hungry humans near some bears speak .
 the happy bear always avoids a bear until some bears avoid the dog .
 it jumps .
 the hungry dog avoids her .
 all humans by the bear speak while all hungry humans often run .
 a human sits .
 the hungry bear sees some hungry humans by the bear .
 a happy dog near all humans seldom hears all bears near the sad bear .
 some hungry humans by some happy bears never see the human while the dog runs .
 some humans always jump .
 all dogs see a happy human with her until the sad human never jumps .
 all happy bears with the sad bear never speak .
 all bears run until it always hears all hungry dogs .
 some sad dogs speak .
 all bears often follow all dogs near them and a hungry bear never follows all happy humans .
 some happy dogs follow all hungry bears while some dogs see the hungry bear near her .
 she never hears him but it jumps .
 all dogs near all happy humans run but the human seldom sees a bear by him .
 they speak .
 some happy humans near a dog always hear some hungry humans until they never run .
 a hungry bear often runs but he never jumps .
 they never hear it while a sad dog never speaks .
 they never see the human near them .
 all sad humans near it never jump .
 they jump .
 a sad bear near a happy human jumps and it always hears the happy human .
 the sad bear sits .
 a bear never jumps .
 a bear seldom runs while some bears always follow a hungry bear .
 the hungry dog runs .
 it follows them but a human often hears a dog .
 some humans see some hungry bears while some dogs near some dogs follow him .
 the human sees them .
 a dog sits and a human always runs .
 the happy bear avoids all sad bears with some bears .
 they always sit while the sad dog often sees the hungry bear .
 they follow it .
 all hungry dogs speak .
 some bears speak .
 all dogs by it run and a human often hears them .
 she always sees the bear beside a sad bear and a human near all bears seldom avoids all humans .
 she seldom runs but the sad dog often hears some bears .
 all bears often hear the hungry human beside some hungry humans .
 some humans always follow some humans and the bear always avoids a bear .
 he sits .
 all dogs speak .
 the happy human never runs .
 they seldom speak .
 a bear never sits and the sad bear beside them jumps .
 all bears see a hungry bear while they always hear all hungry humans with a sad dog .
 a happy dog seldom hears all happy dogs .
 they speak and some humans follow the hungry bear beside it .
 all happy humans by the sad bear sit until some happy dogs always run .
 she often hears them .
 a happy dog with them follows it .
 a sad bear always sees a sad human .
 a bear often speaks and they often run .
 a happy dog always runs until some dogs by the dog avoid a sad bear .
 all bears hear a dog until all sad dogs follow all sad humans .
 the sad human sits .
 it never speaks and they always follow it .
 some dogs often jump while they seldom avoid him .
 she avoids them .
 a sad human by a human runs and she never speaks .
 a human runs .
 the human seldom speaks but she seldom follows him .
 she never speaks but the dog hears them .
 it often hears them .
 she often sits while all hungry humans by them follow her .
 some happy dogs often hear them .
 he jumps but he speaks .
 some bears beside them avoid a dog beside them while they often run .
 all sad dogs with all sad dogs hear some dogs until some sad dogs follow all hungry bears .
 some dogs beside him seldom sit .
 she hears some dogs by all humans .
 some humans with the human hear them .
 they hear it until some bears always see a bear .
 they speak .
 all happy humans near them never run .
 the sad human never sees a dog .
 some sad dogs always follow some humans until some humans with all dogs seldom avoid some bears .
 all sad bears seldom hear all dogs beside them .
 the dog sits until a happy human jumps .
 they see the dog until all humans near him always avoid a happy human .
 it seldom sits until some humans by them speak .
 it always avoids all hungry bears but all bears jump .
 it seldom follows the hungry dog with him until the sad bear beside her never avoids them .
 it avoids them .
 a dog beside some humans speaks until some sad dogs seldom sit .
 all humans see a human near the sad bear but some hungry bears seldom sit .
 some dogs by all hungry dogs jump until a dog jumps .
 all happy bears jump but they often run .
 some dogs often avoid the bear .
 some humans jump .
 some humans beside all dogs speak but a sad human near some bears sits .
 she often hears him .
 all dogs speak .
 some dogs by the hungry human avoid the human while the happy dog jumps .
 some humans beside a human never follow a hungry bear while all humans seldom see them .
 she avoids them .
 they speak .
 some bears never run .
 they see all sad humans by the dog while they follow them .
 a happy dog runs .
 all sad dogs near them avoid all humans by her but he avoids the hungry human by all sad humans .
 they jump while the happy human with them sees the dog near all dogs .
 some dogs near all humans often jump .
 they seldom jump .
 she hears a happy dog .
 all dogs never avoid them but the human never hears the bear beside it .
 it seldom sees all bears near them .
 they never jump and some humans run .
 all hungry bears run while a sad bear often sees them .
 they often see the happy dog .
 all bears avoid them until all dogs by him jump .
 a bear avoids him until a dog sees them .
 they run until the human beside some happy humans follows all bears .
 all sad bears never sit and the hungry dog by a dog runs .
 the hungry bear always jumps until he never avoids some happy humans beside a bear .
 the dog follows the happy bear .
 they always avoid it and the happy human beside some sad dogs never hears her .
 a dog follows some sad bears near them .
 the happy human always sees all happy bears by some sad dogs and they follow them .
 they speak .
 some dogs with a bear avoid some bears .
 she sits but some dogs with all happy humans never follow her .
 she follows a dog but some humans often follow them .
 it hears the bear while it runs .
 he follows her but they always see all hungry humans beside all dogs .
 the human always follows the happy bear but the happy dog runs .
 all dogs jump but a happy dog with a hungry human sees her .
 some bears by some sad humans seldom sit but they see all dogs .
 all happy bears jump while all happy dogs with them jump .
 they seldom hear some sad bears .
 it never follows all hungry humans by a human .
 all happy bears avoid him but a hungry dog avoids some hungry humans with all sad bears .
 all happy bears by the dog often run .
 the bear near all happy humans always jumps but some happy humans seldom avoid them .
 she speaks while some hungry humans hear some sad bears by her .
 a human with it speaks but some dogs see all humans .
 some hungry dogs beside him speak .
 a happy human sees them .
 a human seldom hears the happy human and the sad bear always sits .
 a bear never jumps .
 a happy bear by all dogs sees all dogs but a sad dog jumps .
 a dog often speaks .
 some sad bears near the human avoid him but they never run .
 some hungry dogs often follow the dog until all hungry dogs always follow him .
 a dog never sits .
 the dog by the hungry dog seldom hears some humans while a dog near her sees some sad dogs .
 she avoids him until all sad dogs near it jump .
 the hungry dog seldom speaks .
 the happy human sits and he jumps .
 all happy dogs never jump .
 all humans avoid all dogs .
 all dogs follow them .
 a bear by her always runs .
 all dogs seldom jump until they jump .
 the sad human by her follows a human by a sad human .
 all happy dogs speak but they sit .
 the hungry human by some humans follows a human but the human jumps .
 the human avoids the hungry human .
 a human sees the sad human .
 some hungry humans follow him .
 the dog avoids the hungry dog and she always jumps .
 they sit while it seldom follows all dogs .
 the human near all bears seldom follows them while some happy bears with it always see them .
 she never jumps .
 a bear never speaks until some sad humans near some happy dogs jump .
 they jump .
 all sad humans jump while he sees a sad dog .
 they see them while some dogs by the hungry human run .
 they seldom follow them .
 a human always sees a hungry bear but all sad dogs beside the sad dog always see her .
 a dog with a sad dog runs .
 they sit .
 all bears seldom run .
 some hungry dogs often follow them and they run .
 they run .
 some dogs seldom speak and some bears avoid her .
 they never follow her while they sit .
 she follows them .
 the human hears them and they never see a bear .
 some bears sit while all humans never jump .
 some humans with a human hear all hungry humans beside a bear but it often jumps .
 he avoids a human near them .
 they often jump .
 the happy human near some dogs always sits .
 the happy human avoids some humans by a hungry dog .
 a happy bear jumps and a sad dog beside all bears follows a dog .
 some happy humans never speak .
 some happy bears speak .
 all happy bears speak .
 some sad bears beside some dogs never avoid them while the human never follows them .
 all happy dogs with some humans seldom speak and they hear them .
 all bears follow them and the sad bear avoids the happy dog beside some hungry dogs .
 he often sees a bear near it .
 all hungry humans with a hungry human often avoid her .
 some dogs avoid all hungry dogs but they follow the human .
 all humans by all humans often follow the dog but a dog jumps .
 some bears near a sad dog never run while they run .
 some happy humans avoid the hungry human .
 it hears her .
 all bears follow a hungry human .
 he often sees the hungry human while it never follows all dogs .
 all humans see a human with the hungry bear and they see some dogs .
 all hungry humans see him .
 all humans always avoid a bear .
 the human near it follows a bear near the hungry bear .
 it runs .
 they hear the human but they never hear some dogs .
 all dogs with some happy dogs avoid all sad dogs beside all dogs .
 he runs until he sees the bear near it .
 they sit but the bear never runs .
 all hungry humans beside them avoid him but some bears speak .
 they always follow them while she sits .
 they always sit .
 all humans near a hungry bear seldom sit .
 a bear beside him jumps until some hungry bears never follow all bears .
 a dog often follows them and they often sit .
 the bear beside some hungry humans jumps while a hungry dog beside them never runs .
 some sad dogs speak .
 they often sit and a happy human runs .
 some dogs run .
 the dog beside it jumps while all hungry bears follow some bears beside the human .
 a hungry dog never sees her .
 the bear near all sad dogs often follows some dogs .
 she always avoids it while all happy dogs jump .
 some dogs avoid the bear and a dog never speaks .
 some sad bears often run but all humans jump .
 a bear by the happy bear sits but some happy bears beside it sit .
 it jumps .
 he seldom sees some sad humans by some sad dogs until he follows the bear by them .
 a happy dog near all humans seldom hears some happy bears near them but it follows her .
 a hungry human seldom sees him .
 she never jumps .
 some happy dogs often jump and a sad human avoids a happy human by him .
 he hears all bears beside them .
 the human by him often speaks .
 the sad bear always speaks until some bears always jump .
 the sad human beside a happy human often jumps .
 they speak and a dog speaks .
 some bears sit but they seldom run .
 all dogs follow the hungry human and the dog near a dog always sees the human .
 it speaks while the sad dog hears some dogs beside a dog .
 the happy human always sits .
 the human avoids some hungry bears .
 the human speaks but a hungry dog never hears the happy bear .
 some sad humans beside some sad bears always speak while the happy bear never jumps .
 he seldom sees a happy dog beside all hungry humans .
 some bears near them always speak but some happy dogs avoid them .
 the dog hears them and some hungry humans speak .
 all dogs seldom follow some happy dogs .
 they always hear a bear until all sad humans seldom run .
 some hungry dogs always sit .
 some dogs avoid him .
 they always speak .
 the bear seldom runs until they never sit .
 all humans by a sad human never hear a hungry bear .
 she seldom speaks .
 a happy dog runs and all dogs seldom jump .
 a human near the sad human sees it but they seldom run .
 all hungry dogs seldom jump .
 some bears often run .
 all happy humans near a happy dog often run while they follow him .
 a hungry dog runs .
 some hungry dogs often follow them until he avoids all humans .
 they see some sad dogs with the dog .
 he always speaks but a bear hears the happy bear near a hungry bear .
 they never hear them .
 some happy dogs with a human seldom jump but they often run .
 some happy dogs often hear a bear .
 the dog by a hungry bear runs .
 the dog runs .
 all dogs seldom see all bears by her and he sees him .
 they seldom run .
 the human sees some humans but a hungry bear always sits .
 all happy humans seldom speak while some humans run .
 a hungry human always speaks until the dog follows the human .
 they always follow it while the sad human sits .
 all humans beside a dog always sit .
 the dog always jumps .
 some happy humans jump .
 the bear always sits .
 some dogs avoid the bear .
 a bear follows her .
 they seldom avoid him and they avoid a bear near them .
 some happy bears by them seldom jump .
 a dog sits while some bears always sit .
 a happy dog near the hungry human seldom jumps .
 a human beside some bears often sees some sad dogs .
 all hungry humans see him .
 they see all bears by the sad human .
 the happy dog near him runs .
 she often runs .
 a dog by all hungry humans often follows a sad human .
 some sad bears follow the bear until some happy humans jump .
 the happy human never avoids her until he jumps .
 they run .
 the hungry bear near them often speaks .
 some bears run but all happy dogs run .
 she often sees some happy dogs near some dogs .
 a human near some happy dogs hears a human .
 some happy dogs with all humans jump but all sad humans hear it .
 all happy dogs with some humans avoid some bears .
 it never hears some sad bears and she never sits .
 all hungry bears near all dogs often jump .
 he jumps until they never avoid the dog .
 a happy bear beside the human never sees all humans until the happy human seldom sits .
 a hungry dog avoids it .
 some humans by him see all hungry dogs .
 they never run but the dog sits .
 the happy dog speaks .
 a sad human follows a human but the human avoids some humans beside him .
 a bear jumps .
 some bears always hear it .
 some happy bears jump .
 the hungry human runs and some humans avoid all happy humans beside the bear .
 some sad bears sit .
 all sad bears by the hungry human sit .
 the human often follows a human while all happy humans with the bear run .
 a bear by the happy bear often sees a happy human beside all humans while they follow a dog beside some dogs .
 the dog often hears some dogs but he avoids them .
 the happy dog near the dog sees her and a happy dog beside a bear jumps .
 a sad bear seldom sees the sad dog with the hungry bear .
 a hungry human with them avoids it .
 the human often follows a happy dog .
 some bears never avoid all hungry bears .
 it sees him until she speaks .
 some happy dogs beside all sad humans never sit .
 they never follow the dog with a dog but some sad humans by all bears never follow the bear beside a happy dog .
 a bear with them hears some happy dogs but she often follows a sad dog .
 some dogs near some hungry dogs always jump until all sad dogs speak .
 all happy dogs often hear him .
 all dogs run .
 the hungry dog jumps while some sad humans seldom speak .
 all bears hear all happy humans beside him .
 all happy bears always avoid a sad bear and the sad human seldom runs .
 a happy human never speaks while some sad bears always speak .
 it jumps .
 all bears hear some happy dogs while they seldom jump .
 it never runs and she never sees her .
 the happy human always sees them while some dogs never see some dogs near the bear .
 it hears it but a bear with the happy bear avoids the bear with them .
 the happy bear never avoids some dogs while they hear the dog with some bears .
 some dogs beside some happy dogs hear them while a happy bear by it sees some dogs .
 they seldom follow him .
 some hungry humans run but a dog beside the human sees them .
 a bear always sits and they never speak .
 the human by them often sees them and they always avoid all bears .
 the happy dog always sits .
 the bear speaks until it sees them .
 she runs and some sad humans near them seldom run .
 a sad dog sits .
 some bears always avoid them until they always see a human .
 he sits and the human near her runs .
 some dogs avoid some dogs .
 a sad human runs and they hear some happy bears .
 the hungry bear sees all dogs until the sad human hears her .
 all bears always speak but they follow the dog by a happy human .
 all dogs sit but they follow the sad human .
 some hungry dogs by the sad human follow him while all sad dogs avoid the human .
 a bear with him seldom jumps but a dog by the dog jumps .
 the human seldom follows them .
 all happy dogs near a hungry human never run .
 the human often sees her while a happy bear with all sad dogs runs .
 they see some sad dogs near some sad bears and a dog never sits .
 a dog seldom jumps but some bears always hear some happy bears .
 it always sees some sad dogs .
 he seldom jumps while he speaks .
 they always speak .
 a hungry human sees all hungry dogs but he always sits .
 all humans speak .
 all dogs hear some sad bears .
 they never hear a dog .
 some bears speak and they hear some bears beside him .
 a happy bear beside a sad bear follows the happy human .
 all sad dogs by some hungry bears run but he hears it .
 some humans beside him speak while all bears near some hungry bears jump .
 it always follows the human by her and some happy humans always jump .
 a hungry human speaks .
 they see them .
 they avoid them .
 they never avoid all sad humans near them until they always hear the happy dog .
 the bear sits and they often speak .
 some sad dogs with them often follow some dogs near it while a happy dog avoids a dog .
 a dog always sits until they never see them .
 the bear follows him but she often follows all hungry dogs .
 they avoid some sad humans but they run .
 all dogs by all happy humans speak .
 the dog sees the bear .
 some sad dogs with some humans never avoid her but she always avoids them .
 they speak and the human runs .
 some sad humans sit .
 they never speak while a sad dog often jumps .
 she speaks .
 he seldom sits until some happy humans hear a human beside all humans .
 he always avoids them .
 all sad bears with them seldom run until a sad bear sees them .
 a dog runs but it speaks .
 some humans by some happy dogs seldom run .
 the bear seldom hears him .
 he often hears the sad bear .
 the hungry human hears her but the human avoids the human .
 he hears the human by some happy bears until all hungry humans near all humans never speak .
 a bear runs while some dogs beside some humans often run .
 the bear often speaks .
 they never speak until a sad human seldom jumps .
 some happy bears hear all happy dogs but the dog beside all dogs always runs .
 some bears by a bear always follow him .
 all hungry bears follow all bears with all sad humans and all hungry dogs hear some humans .
 some sad bears seldom avoid a sad dog beside them .
 a happy bear beside all humans follows her until some humans always jump .
 all hungry bears sit .
 some happy dogs often sit and a sad dog with the human never avoids a human by all humans .
 the happy dog with them seldom runs .
 all bears by some happy bears follow some humans near all sad bears while she always avoids some hungry bears .
 some bears see the bear .
 all happy humans often speak but the sad human always hears some happy humans .
 they seldom run .
 all hungry dogs near them see a human until some hungry humans seldom jump .
 a dog near a human always follows it .
 some bears speak .
 it sits .
 the hungry bear by the dog avoids them while the human hears all happy bears .
 they see a dog with a bear .
 he always jumps while the hungry bear often runs .
 it sits until all humans sit .
 a dog always runs but she never hears some humans with all bears .
 a dog by a hungry dog never hears them until they follow a hungry human .
 some happy humans near all hungry dogs follow him until they avoid them .
 they often see a sad dog but some hungry bears by some sad bears speak .
 it always sits .
 the hungry bear sits .
 all sad bears seldom follow them .
 the sad human by all dogs never hears all sad bears near the happy human until they seldom avoid the sad human with some sad humans .
 they never run .
 all happy dogs near it never see some bears until a sad human by some humans often runs .
 a happy human hears them .
 some happy bears never hear the dog .
 some dogs often follow a dog with some happy bears while a happy bear seldom hears them .
 all happy humans near all dogs always run .
 he seldom follows some dogs until some dogs seldom avoid some humans .
 it runs .
 a hungry dog by a dog sees them .
 she always sits while some humans always follow a happy bear .
 all dogs follow the happy dog .
 the bear always runs .
 the happy bear with some dogs often follows the sad human beside the happy bear .
 he follows a hungry dog .
 they sit .
 he seldom follows some dogs .
 a hungry human often sits .
 the hungry human sits but some sad humans see them .
 they avoid them .
 they hear all bears .
 the happy bear near all humans always hears all dogs while the dog seldom avoids the sad human .
 the human by them sees a bear but a human runs .
 the dog seldom jumps but a happy bear with a bear seldom avoids the hungry dog by the bear .
 a bear seldom speaks while the human seldom jumps .
 it often runs until some hungry bears beside it never follow them .
 the dog near the happy human often runs and the human sits .
 the sad bear never sits and some happy bears with the sad dog speak .
 some hungry humans beside the human jump until all bears never see some hungry humans .
 all dogs never speak but he speaks .
 he avoids a happy human .
 all humans often run .
 all dogs always hear a dog until she always avoids her .
 all bears see the dog near it until she hears them .
 all dogs hear them .
 all hungry humans near her never speak .
 all humans speak .
 a hungry human beside the sad bear never runs .
 a bear follows some humans .
 a dog jumps while some hungry dogs often avoid a dog .
 it often speaks .
 a happy dog beside her runs and the bear with the dog sees it .
 they see them .
 a dog with all bears seldom sees the hungry human while it sits .
 some humans seldom sit .
 he hears him until he always follows some dogs .
 all dogs always run while some bears follow the sad bear .
 the human always follows the dog but some hungry bears near a dog jump .
 he sees some happy humans .
 some dogs run .
 a bear hears all bears near them while they hear all bears .
 they hear all happy bears .
 she seldom hears all dogs .
 the human runs .
 they follow some hungry dogs by them but they seldom see some dogs .
 some humans always run while they follow him .
 some humans speak .
 a dog with some bears follows him until it follows him .
 they often avoid it .
 a hungry bear follows the human until they always hear them .
 some happy humans jump but the hungry dog by her always avoids them .
 he hears some humans .
 he avoids a human but some hungry bears with some hungry dogs often hear some sad bears .
 a dog never runs .
 all bears never avoid them .
 the hungry dog by her sees them while a dog beside a hungry bear seldom follows her .
 it seldom speaks until they always speak .
 they never see some sad bears .
 they seldom run but some sad dogs beside some humans sit .
 some happy dogs by the human see him .
 a human near them never hears all dogs by him and the human avoids a happy human .
 a happy bear beside them often sits .
 the sad bear follows all bears while she hears all bears with the happy dog .
 they always hear all happy dogs until she never runs .
 some dogs avoid a human while they jump .
 all humans follow some dogs .
 some sad humans never jump while a bear jumps .
 the human near all humans often hears a dog beside him .
 they seldom run and they seldom sit .
 the bear always follows all dogs .
 they always speak but it jumps .
 she follows a hungry dog beside him but they often run .
 she often avoids a sad human by them while they never see the human .
 they never see a dog by some dogs .
 she sits and some bears follow the bear .
 they avoid a happy dog until some hungry humans beside all happy dogs seldom hear them .
 some hungry humans avoid all happy bears .
 a bear follows it until some sad dogs near all sad dogs jump .
 a happy human hears a dog by some sad humans until they never sit .
 she sits but the human always follows the bear by a happy dog .
 a bear near some hungry dogs never speaks but a hungry human beside all hungry bears seldom sits .
 the dog with all dogs always hears some sad humans but he sits .
 all hungry bears by them follow the happy human by a dog while a happy human runs .
 a happy dog by some happy humans often speaks .
 the human always avoids some sad humans .
 the happy bear beside them often sees all sad humans beside a bear .
 all sad humans near some humans run until all dogs seldom follow him .
 the dog sees them .
 they often run and a hungry bear sits .
 they follow a dog .
 they never avoid some hungry dogs with a human .
 a sad bear follows a human .
 she seldom sits .
 a bear with some humans often sits until all dogs never hear the human by some dogs .
 they seldom see her .
 a sad human by the happy human speaks and all humans follow her .
 she follows it .
 a human never speaks .
 all sad dogs seldom avoid the sad human .
 she always follows all dogs until a happy human always hears it .
 she hears the happy human by some humans but she often jumps .
 they seldom speak until a sad dog jumps .
 a dog seldom runs until some humans always sit .
 some sad bears near a sad dog see all dogs but the dog always speaks .
 all bears jump while she sees him .
 they seldom see the human .
 all bears often sit until she always follows them .
 all dogs hear them .
 some hungry dogs see some dogs but the human seldom runs .
 the human beside some bears avoids the dog near her until some humans by some hungry dogs seldom avoid them .
 they often hear them until some humans sit .
 a sad bear jumps .
 all bears never hear some sad humans but some dogs never see some happy humans beside some hungry bears .
 some bears by it never sit .
 a dog sees some sad bears and some sad bears seldom see all happy bears beside all hungry dogs .
 all sad humans seldom avoid her and a sad dog near some humans follows some hungry dogs beside the happy human .
 some hungry humans with them avoid a bear .
 they sit .
 the happy dog with some happy humans seldom jumps until a human runs .
 they jump and he follows some bears .
 they often run .
 some sad dogs near them never see the sad dog until all happy humans near them follow the bear .
 all sad dogs always speak .
 all hungry bears never run .
 all humans hear her .
 the bear with some bears often follows a hungry dog near some humans until all dogs with some hungry humans speak .
 all humans sit .
 they sit .
 she never avoids the bear with some dogs .
 all humans sit .
 the dog hears them .
 some dogs beside a dog always jump .
 some bears with the sad bear jump .
 some happy bears beside some hungry dogs seldom hear all hungry humans beside all humans .
 all happy dogs speak .
 all humans near all dogs speak .
 they often speak until some dogs near all humans avoid it .
 some sad dogs beside her jump and all dogs jump .
 all bears by them jump while he never sees a sad dog beside them .
 the bear never follows all humans and a happy dog seldom jumps .
 the happy bear hears all hungry bears beside all dogs and she sits .
 a hungry bear beside some dogs hears them .
 it runs .
 all dogs with a happy human seldom follow the sad bear near them and a dog by her sits .
 all hungry humans seldom avoid them .
 all hungry dogs see them until the hungry human with them avoids them .
 all hungry bears near them avoid some happy humans beside all sad dogs .
 all dogs beside some dogs always hear them while some hungry bears hear all hungry bears with the sad dog .
 all dogs near a hungry dog see them .
 some happy dogs hear some dogs while a dog often sits .
 she never runs while they speak .
 some dogs seldom speak .
 it jumps and the dog beside all happy bears speaks .
 the bear speaks until all bears speak .
 some hungry dogs often hear the dog .
 some hungry dogs near the hungry human sit .
 a human never runs .
 some hungry humans always follow them and some dogs always follow some sad bears beside the sad human .
 the sad human beside a human seldom jumps .
 all sad dogs run but the human always speaks .
 the bear near the human seldom speaks .
 some dogs speak .
 they often sit .
 it often sits but the dog jumps .
 the human always runs and a sad dog seldom follows the hungry bear .
 a dog seldom sees some happy dogs until some humans run .
 a sad dog always follows them and they seldom speak .
 the sad human often runs .
 all bears near it see it .
 a hungry bear sees the happy dog with a sad bear .
 they jump .
 all humans avoid them until it often hears all humans .
 all dogs avoid it and some happy bears often see the bear .
 all hungry humans near it always avoid all humans .
 all sad dogs beside it speak until they jump .
 they speak until some sad bears see all dogs .
 the bear speaks .
 the sad bear often follows some happy humans until a dog avoids some hungry dogs beside him .
 all sad bears never follow a human with them and they follow a dog .
 a human beside a human jumps .
 some sad dogs near all happy bears always see the happy bear but it always hears all sad humans .
 some dogs with a happy bear never sit until a dog never avoids them .
 he seldom follows some sad dogs .
 all bears by them follow the human .
 some sad humans hear her .
 some hungry dogs beside the sad human seldom sit .
 a bear never follows the sad bear beside all humans but the bear runs .
 some hungry humans by the bear often follow a hungry human until all happy humans jump .
 all hungry dogs always hear her .
 a happy dog follows them .
 all hungry bears beside them follow her .
 all dogs never see it .
 some hungry bears hear the hungry bear .
 the human often sees her and they sit .
 the dog jumps until it often sits .
 it always speaks .
 all hungry humans with all happy humans run .
 the happy bear near her always sees them but all sad bears often jump .
 they often hear them until all sad bears run .
 some sad dogs never hear the bear but they sit .
 the hungry bear with all hungry bears jumps .
 some sad bears near some hungry bears follow some happy humans .
 she sees them .
 they seldom avoid them .
 a human with them often sits .
 some bears see the human .
 the sad dog beside the bear hears a happy bear .
 she runs .
 she seldom sits until she often hears all dogs .
 the bear near him often runs and a hungry human jumps .
 some hungry dogs with them always follow a dog near a bear .
 the dog by a bear speaks .
 a bear with a bear avoids them until they never run .
 it seldom runs .
 they never avoid the dog by the bear and some sad humans with them hear him .
 they seldom see them .
 she never sees a happy bear while some sad bears near all dogs often hear the bear .
 all hungry dogs speak but they run .
 a sad bear speaks .
 it seldom jumps but the bear never hears all happy dogs .
 all dogs avoid her but they sit .
 all hungry dogs always sit but the human never hears the dog .
 they sit and she often follows some bears .
 all humans jump .
 all happy bears sit while they speak .
 he often hears the hungry dog and some bears sit .
 the dog sees all sad bears but all bears always avoid it .
 all hungry bears beside some humans seldom follow him until some humans never follow a bear .
 they always jump but all bears often see all sad dogs .
 a happy bear near the bear hears her .
 the dog sits .
 he runs and all bears near it run .
 all happy dogs beside the human often avoid all dogs near the human until they follow some dogs .
 the human sits .
 a bear follows it .
 a human by a sad human never follows the dog .
 a dog near the hungry human speaks but she often jumps .
 the dog always jumps and a sad human with them hears the dog with all humans .
 they often speak but some dogs with some bears follow a human near her .
 all hungry humans often run .
 a happy dog jumps but he seldom speaks .
 the happy dog hears the bear by the happy bear while they always speak .
 all bears never avoid a happy bear until the sad bear beside the dog never jumps .
 she sees the dog .
 they seldom speak and a hungry bear near the hungry dog never sees some humans by the dog .
 the hungry bear by the happy dog speaks .
 all dogs run and all bears always speak .
 a sad bear seldom hears a dog .
 a dog avoids her and all sad dogs seldom jump .
 a sad dog by them seldom speaks until a bear hears the bear .
 they sit .
 the hungry bear beside it often jumps while a hungry dog jumps .
 a happy dog seldom hears a sad human .
 they speak and the human never sits .
 a sad dog sits .
 the human often runs while some happy humans beside some hungry bears hear some hungry dogs .
 the dog seldom hears the happy bear but all hungry dogs avoid all hungry humans beside them .
 the hungry human by some sad bears avoids a happy human by it .
 a bear often sees some dogs and he seldom jumps .
 the hungry bear by all dogs jumps but the happy dog near the human always jumps .
 they follow all hungry humans and the bear speaks .
 the hungry human sits .
 all happy humans never speak until they speak .
 they often follow a human and he always sees them .
 it never sees it .
 a human near it speaks until a sad dog sees a human .
 they jump .
 the happy bear often sits while they never avoid it .
 all bears avoid it while they run .
 the hungry bear never sees a hungry dog .
 the dog near all hungry dogs seldom hears them .
 all happy bears with her see all sad bears until he seldom runs .
 the human with the sad dog often sits .
 all happy dogs always avoid them until some hungry bears never avoid it .
 they follow a happy human and a sad human sits .
 some bears always sit .
 they follow some hungry humans by a sad human .
 a dog near some bears seldom avoids some dogs .
 a bear often follows him until all happy humans beside a happy dog follow them .
 a bear by some bears seldom hears them and all humans jump .
 all happy dogs see some happy dogs .
 some bears never see all hungry dogs .
 a happy dog hears all sad bears .
 he never runs .
 the sad bear runs .
 they avoid all sad bears .
 he jumps .
 some bears near some bears see him .
 the dog sits until the bear hears the human .
 some hungry bears hear it until they run .
 they jump but all humans near them hear a sad human .
 they see the sad human .
 she follows all humans but they never hear some happy dogs .
 some bears beside it seldom sit until she sees some hungry bears .
 the hungry dog hears them .
 a human sits .
 the bear by all bears avoids them while she never sees the hungry human .
 they always hear a hungry bear by a bear .
 they never see all sad bears beside all hungry humans .
 they run .
 they never speak until they seldom sit .
 she runs .
 the dog often runs while some hungry dogs seldom sit .
 all humans never speak until all humans near a bear hear some hungry humans .
 all sad bears never avoid some humans .
 some bears follow all bears .
 all happy humans hear a hungry human until he avoids the happy human by it .
 a sad bear with her sees all humans until the dog near all dogs jumps .
 they hear some hungry dogs but the hungry dog beside some bears seldom runs .
 all happy dogs beside some humans speak but they always follow them .
 all bears near her follow it .
 the dog sees a human and all humans hear a human by them .
 the bear seldom sits until they speak .
 a happy bear follows them and a dog with all bears seldom jumps .
 the bear with them never hears a human by a human .
 some dogs avoid them .
 the bear speaks .
 some sad dogs always hear all dogs until a sad human follows the bear with some sad bears .
 all happy bears run .
 a dog never sits .
 all dogs see it but some happy humans beside a bear speak .
 it never hears all happy bears by them .
 a bear near it never avoids the hungry human .
 a dog never follows the happy dog .
 all bears jump .
 they often see it and all humans by them see some hungry humans beside all dogs .
 some humans with a happy human never speak until the dog by all humans always speaks .
 a hungry dog near it never runs .
 she avoids some happy humans but some happy humans by some hungry dogs jump .
 they seldom avoid him while they speak .
 they often speak and all dogs beside all hungry dogs follow a happy bear .
 some humans run until the human follows the bear by a hungry human .
 he always speaks .
 it speaks but all bears by them speak .
 a sad bear seldom sits .
 a hungry dog always sits .
 a human sits while some humans seldom see it .
 some humans hear a human and it never speaks .
 the hungry dog jumps .
 a bear seldom sits .
 all sad humans often hear all humans by some happy bears but the human runs .
 the human often avoids the happy dog .
 they seldom avoid some happy dogs by all bears .
 they seldom speak .
 a dog speaks until they always see them .
 they avoid a hungry human until the happy human with a sad human speaks .
 all dogs by it hear the happy bear .
 a dog never jumps until they avoid it .
 some humans speak and it speaks .
 the happy dog often follows all hungry humans .
 the bear near some humans sits and the bear hears her .
 the human avoids the happy bear until a hungry bear never jumps .
 some bears seldom avoid a sad dog with the hungry human and all dogs always follow all hungry dogs .
 all dogs hear the sad dog .
 all humans hear them but some hungry dogs seldom speak .
 some sad bears seldom jump while she hears all hungry bears .
 the happy human never runs .
 he avoids them .
 a hungry human near some happy dogs seldom speaks .
 a sad human often avoids them while the hungry dog beside a happy human avoids a sad dog .
 a human jumps .
 the human follows them .
 some happy dogs seldom follow a hungry human while he jumps .
 they never follow all humans near them .
 a dog hears the hungry dog until they run .
 the bear always jumps but the happy bear always sees a sad human .
 a hungry human with a human hears all happy dogs .
 a human often sees her but all sad humans never jump .
 they always hear all sad humans while all bears always avoid her .
 the happy bear always jumps while they never follow them .
 some bears never sit .
 some bears with all happy dogs jump and a bear follows the bear .
 all dogs speak .
 a bear runs until some dogs beside her see them .
 the dog beside her often follows a bear beside it until all hungry bears jump .
 the sad human by all sad dogs follows some dogs by all dogs .
 a sad bear seldom sees some bears beside a hungry human and he sees all dogs .
 it hears all happy dogs .
 some happy humans follow them .
 all hungry dogs by some humans sit and it never jumps .
 the bear often jumps and the sad human never hears the happy bear by it .
 they seldom sit and all dogs speak .
 a hungry bear sees some humans until the bear seldom hears a dog .
 they seldom jump until some sad bears near them often speak .
 all sad dogs with her often sit .
 all hungry bears speak .
 they always sit .
 some hungry dogs see a human .
 all humans with all humans seldom follow some humans .
 it always sees them .
 he avoids all dogs until he seldom jumps .
 some hungry humans always speak .
 they seldom sit and they never follow the dog beside a hungry dog .
 it sits .
 they seldom run .
 a dog seldom jumps .
 it avoids him but it always runs .
 some dogs with the bear seldom run .
 a dog often avoids some bears until all hungry dogs with them always hear some dogs by her .
 he jumps until the sad dog jumps .
 they often jump .
 all bears seldom see them .
 the hungry dog seldom hears the sad bear but the bear with them speaks .
 a human seldom sits but they never avoid some dogs near the happy human .
 the sad dog seldom sees a bear .
 the sad bear always jumps but the happy human often jumps .
 some happy dogs seldom jump .
 it often speaks .
 all happy dogs by all humans often follow a dog by the happy dog and they always avoid them .
 they see them .
 a hungry bear follows the sad bear while the happy bear beside it speaks .
 a hungry human sits .
 some dogs beside all hungry bears speak .
 some hungry dogs by them often avoid a sad human .
 all dogs never speak but a dog always speaks .
 a dog with them always sits .
 some humans near them jump until a happy human always speaks .
 she never avoids the dog near some bears and they jump .
 she avoids them .
 the dog hears them but the bear runs .
 all dogs beside all happy bears never avoid a happy human until the dog always follows some happy humans .
 some sad humans see all hungry dogs .
 it often sits .
 a dog often runs .
 the bear hears all humans beside the sad human until some humans never sit .
 he never sees a dog while they never hear all dogs by it .
 the sad human beside all humans sits .
 some dogs jump .
 they always jump and the bear by them seldom follows a sad dog .
 the happy human speaks .
 a bear near them never sees a sad dog while they sit .
 they never follow all happy dogs until he seldom hears all humans .
 some bears see all bears near all sad humans .
 all sad dogs beside a dog seldom see her .
 the happy dog beside some humans avoids some happy humans by all humans until the sad dog hears a bear beside the human .
 a hungry bear seldom avoids it .
 some happy dogs always avoid all dogs while the dog often avoids him .
 all happy humans near all bears always avoid some sad bears .
 she always avoids her but all bears near a bear always see the hungry human by him .
 a dog near a human seldom jumps while he never speaks .
 it runs until all dogs beside some dogs always see some humans .
 a hungry human often avoids them .
 all hungry humans always follow them but they always run .
 they run .
 some sad bears never hear all hungry dogs and some happy bears near the bear hear it .
 all sad humans hear all happy humans .
 they always speak but some hungry humans sit .
 it runs .
 all bears hear some hungry bears .
 a dog always runs .
 he runs .
 they hear the dog but he sees some bears .
 he speaks but a happy dog never avoids him .
 a human sits .
 some happy bears avoid all bears near the sad bear .
 it sits .
 some hungry humans sit .
 all humans near a bear always speak while some sad dogs sit .
 all happy bears near him never avoid all bears .
 some dogs hear all happy bears with the human and a happy human seldom sees some humans .
 some sad dogs avoid them .
 some sad dogs beside all dogs always see it .
 the sad dog by some bears sees a sad dog .
 the happy bear seldom sees some bears by him .
 a hungry human never runs .
 they hear the hungry human while all happy dogs often avoid them .
 they never sit while some dogs speak .
 the sad human seldom speaks .
 he hears all happy humans until the bear sits .
 it runs .
 it sits and some hungry dogs seldom hear a hungry human .
 it often avoids all dogs while he runs .
 they see the dog but she runs .
 a sad bear often jumps and all sad humans beside all sad bears see a happy human .
 they follow the dog .
 some dogs beside some hungry dogs follow all hungry dogs but they speak .
 some dogs seldom jump but she often hears them .
 the happy human hears them .
 some humans avoid them while they often hear a sad dog near them .
 a happy bear beside the hungry human never hears a human until a bear always sits .
 all happy humans with it speak .
 they never run and they hear some happy humans .
 she jumps .
 she seldom follows all sad bears beside a human while the dog always jumps .
 some sad humans seldom avoid a happy bear .
 it often follows the bear and all happy bears sit .
 some happy bears with all humans seldom run .
 they never sit .
 the hungry bear hears him while they never see the happy human .
 some hungry bears see him but all hungry dogs never hear them .
 they always speak .
 all humans never run but some dogs jump .
 some hungry humans seldom avoid a dog with the hungry human .
 some dogs never sit .
 the sad bear sees them and some happy humans sit .
 some bears beside them sit and some humans beside a hungry dog follow them .
 all sad bears speak .
 he never sits .
 he speaks .
 some humans with some happy humans jump but all hungry humans sit .
 he often speaks .
 all sad bears speak .
 the sad bear often sits while it hears a human .
 some happy bears never see all humans .
 the happy human never sits and he always speaks .
 she sees a dog .
 she avoids a dog near a bear until she hears all sad humans with the human .
 all humans follow her .
 some bears never follow a hungry human .
 she follows them .
 it often jumps until some sad bears always jump .
 a dog by it always avoids some humans near a happy human and he seldom follows it .
 the sad human never follows all humans .
 some bears hear all happy dogs .
 she speaks until he hears some happy dogs by them .
 the hungry human hears them .
 she avoids them .
 she often avoids some happy bears and they seldom jump .
 the dog near them jumps but he sits .
 some bears often see the human .
 a human jumps and they jump .
 some humans see him but it sees him .
 the human often hears some dogs .
 all bears often jump .
 all humans beside the hungry human often see all bears .
 all bears beside him often hear them .
 some dogs run .
 the happy human jumps .
 all sad bears often hear the sad dog by a sad human while some sad humans seldom sit .
 a dog with them always runs .
 some sad humans with all sad dogs always speak .
 all happy bears sit while the dog often hears the bear .
 they always speak while some hungry humans often see him .
 the happy dog sits until a hungry human sits .
 all happy humans often jump and a human runs .
 she always hears all bears .
 all happy dogs near the sad bear follow her and some sad dogs always sit .
 the hungry human seldom hears all dogs while they never follow some hungry dogs near the hungry human .
 a dog sees them .
 some happy bears seldom see a human by the hungry dog but it seldom sits .
 it runs .
 they jump .
 all happy dogs seldom follow a human by him .
 all bears never sit .
 a bear near a hungry bear hears some sad humans but a hungry human often runs .
 some dogs hear him until they always avoid the happy dog .
 the happy bear near the happy bear follows a dog beside him .
 the hungry human follows the hungry bear while they never jump .
 it runs .
 they seldom hear her .
 a bear sees a hungry human .
 all hungry humans sit .
 the hungry human avoids some dogs .
 the hungry human always hears some happy bears and some hungry bears see some sad humans by the dog .
 some humans jump .
 some happy bears see a happy bear beside the sad human .
 a happy dog by them follows all humans .
 it often runs and the sad dog follows the happy human beside them .
 the sad dog follows a dog while some bears often avoid the dog .
 he speaks while the human speaks .
 they never run .
 they often hear a sad bear while a bear hears a sad human .
 the hungry dog runs while all bears sit .
 they follow some happy dogs until the hungry human seldom sees the sad human .
 he hears them .
 some happy humans avoid all hungry dogs until it always runs .
 all sad dogs always sit .
 the dog follows the happy human while they avoid all sad humans near a bear .
 the dog runs until they seldom see the sad bear .
 all dogs often sit while he jumps .
 the dog near all sad dogs runs until it often speaks .
 it never sits .
 they often see him .
 some sad bears with a sad human seldom jump while all happy dogs never hear a happy human with all happy humans .
 the sad human often hears the bear .
 some humans by all humans seldom speak and some hungry bears never follow the bear beside all happy dogs .
 a bear avoids some dogs .
 some happy bears with the sad bear seldom follow the bear until they never speak .
 some bears near them avoid a happy bear .
 the human with them avoids it .
 a human beside them seldom sits but they hear him .
 they sit .
 she sees some happy humans by them .
 some hungry humans by some hungry dogs seldom run while he jumps .
 the sad human beside all dogs often sits .
 a sad bear with them never runs .
 the happy dog near some humans seldom avoids them .
 they often follow some dogs .
 the dog with some sad bears speaks .
 some sad dogs speak but the sad bear runs .
 all dogs beside them run .
 a dog by some dogs sees the hungry dog near a human but the human by some bears speaks .
 he runs .
 some hungry dogs often sit while he often sits .
 a bear often runs and a bear with them never jumps .
 the sad dog runs and the dog seldom sees the sad bear .
 the happy dog with all sad dogs runs while the hungry dog often follows all sad humans .
 a happy dog always sees it .
 the happy bear sees the sad human beside some hungry bears until some dogs often hear a happy dog with her .
 some happy humans sit while they seldom avoid some bears .
 the bear sees all bears .
 they sit while they seldom run .
 it sees some humans .
 some happy humans often run .
 the human near the happy bear always follows some hungry dogs and a dog runs .
 he seldom runs until a dog by it jumps .
 a dog never sees a human until the bear follows the dog .
 the hungry human never hears them .
 all hungry bears seldom avoid the happy human .
 they sit .
 he often follows some happy bears until all bears hear the happy bear .
 some bears near it never follow him .
 all sad bears see them .
 she sits until a bear sees him .
 some sad bears never run until they see the hungry bear .
 all dogs sit .
 a happy human never follows him .
 a bear seldom sees a sad dog until she avoids the dog .
 they never speak .
 they follow it while the happy human by them runs .
 some bears with a dog hear a bear .
 they seldom speak .
 she follows them while they speak .
 some dogs seldom follow the dog .
 all bears seldom follow her .
 the sad dog often follows a human .
 all humans jump .
 she sees all happy bears .
 it runs .
 a dog by the hungry bear never avoids some sad humans by some sad dogs until a hungry human avoids the happy dog beside her .
 he never follows a hungry bear near a hungry bear .
 the hungry human never follows them .
 they run until all hungry humans often hear them .
 a happy bear sees him until all dogs beside all dogs often speak .
 the happy human sits and some dogs beside some happy humans seldom follow a dog .
 some hungry humans never speak while a bear by some happy dogs avoids them .
 a bear avoids them .
 some sad humans never see some humans and a bear seldom runs .
 all hungry bears follow a hungry human beside them .
 the bear sits .
 some bears never avoid some humans but they sit .
 they sit while the hungry bear hears some hungry bears .
 a human near a dog hears a sad dog .
 they follow the bear .
 a bear runs .
 the human jumps while a hungry bear by a human avoids all happy dogs .
 all sad humans often follow a sad human by some bears but some happy bears never sit .
 a hungry human avoids them while some dogs seldom sit .
 they seldom jump until a hungry dog follows the dog .
 a hungry human never hears it .
 he always follows him while a bear by a sad dog sits .
 they never hear them .
 the dog beside all humans speaks .
 the bear often follows some bears .
 a human beside a dog jumps while some humans often hear some dogs .
 she sees the hungry dog near him while it never follows it .
 all happy bears speak .
 they often speak until a human never avoids some bears beside some dogs .
 they follow them .
 the bear beside some dogs hears a human .
 it sees some bears beside all happy bears .
 a hungry bear runs .
 she often follows them while it speaks .
 the bear often avoids her and it follows all bears with all hungry bears .
 they follow it .
 all hungry humans near all happy dogs avoid all hungry dogs .
 the bear always hears it .
 some bears seldom speak .
 he follows them .
 a happy human always jumps while they speak .
 the human often avoids the sad bear until the dog always speaks .
 the human hears the happy bear near it while it never hears them .
 some hungry humans run .
 they jump .
 some happy dogs sit while the happy bear with them never sits .
 they hear the bear .
 a hungry bear sits and all sad bears avoid some happy dogs by some happy humans .
 a human beside them never runs while the hungry bear seldom speaks .
 some happy bears by some dogs often run until the hungry bear never follows all bears .
 all happy bears avoid her .
 some humans hear a bear near all dogs while some humans near it often avoid a sad human beside all hungry bears .
 the hungry bear beside some dogs always sees them while a sad dog never avoids a bear near some dogs .
 a dog seldom sits until all humans near them never follow a happy dog beside them .
 they never jump .
 they avoid the dog .
 he jumps while they never sit .
 they often run while he jumps .
 they run but a dog with a hungry dog often sits .
 some humans avoid all bears near all happy humans while the sad bear beside them hears the bear .
 the sad human always follows all dogs .
 a dog by a hungry bear avoids the dog beside him .
 the dog seldom runs until all sad bears speak .
 some sad humans near a bear seldom hear some humans .
 they seldom sit .
 they follow all hungry humans but all bears always speak .
 all sad humans beside a happy human seldom hear all hungry bears near all hungry dogs .
 all bears see all bears .
 all dogs near all bears never sit .
 they jump until he often follows all happy bears .
 it never runs until the bear seldom sees some bears .
 a bear often sees all sad bears but the happy dog always avoids a human near him .
 the dog speaks .
 a human never avoids him .
 a bear with all humans runs .
 they hear it until all bears by all dogs always follow some happy humans beside all humans .
 they always jump .
 they hear the hungry dog .
 they sit and he sees them .
 he never speaks .
 he often speaks and the human runs .
 they run .
 they see them .
 he runs while a sad dog by a hungry bear never follows her .
 the dog jumps .
 a hungry bear often follows them until the dog by all happy humans always avoids the sad human .
 all hungry humans often jump until all bears beside a sad human follow the dog near some humans .
 the happy bear seldom speaks until it speaks .
 some hungry bears by them often speak but a hungry bear by them sees all happy dogs .
 some humans speak until some bears never sit .
 it seldom sees her but all hungry humans see all dogs .
 a bear sees them while the sad dog sits .
 they always jump .
 all sad bears sit until some dogs jump .
 they always avoid a dog .
 they jump .
 all bears with all bears speak and they always hear a hungry dog with some sad bears .
 they often run .
 all bears seldom jump .
 all sad bears with them avoid all humans and a human sits .
 some sad dogs never avoid all hungry dogs with all dogs .
 a hungry human by it sits .
 the human speaks .
 it avoids her .
 all bears see a hungry dog .
 the sad human always avoids it .
 a sad human always hears them .
 some dogs with some bears often follow some sad bears .
 a hungry bear with it never avoids him but a human seldom avoids the happy dog .
 some humans run .
 all bears hear all hungry dogs .
 all happy bears often jump .
 some happy humans near some bears seldom run and some humans by the hungry human always follow some dogs .
 it seldom hears him .
 she avoids them .
 all dogs near it speak .
 a dog follows some humans .
 the bear jumps but a sad human seldom avoids some bears .
 the human speaks .
 all hungry humans speak .
 they avoid a dog until some dogs always jump .
 some happy humans by him often avoid all dogs .
 all bears never follow some dogs .
 all humans beside a bear seldom jump .
 some bears follow them .
 she hears the sad dog with them .
 it always speaks but some humans by some bears follow him .
 they run while some sad humans always follow some humans .
 some dogs often hear the dog .
 all hungry humans near her always speak while they sit .
 they never jump .
 some dogs always run .
 all sad dogs near it jump until they avoid some dogs .
 some dogs never see him and all dogs by her always follow some bears .
 a human beside some hungry humans never sees some hungry dogs but they often see some dogs .
 it jumps and a bear sits .
 some hungry bears avoid him .
 it never sees some happy dogs by some bears .
 some dogs never run .
 they jump but they seldom follow him .
 the dog near the happy human often sees the happy dog near the human .
 all sad bears seldom speak while some happy dogs always run .
 they hear her .
 the dog near it avoids it until some bears speak .
 it never runs and it sees them .
 the human sees the dog beside some humans while a bear with the happy bear seldom hears all humans with all happy humans .
 some hungry dogs hear a bear until all hungry bears near them hear the dog .
 they avoid some bears beside it .
 the bear near a sad dog runs while all happy dogs hear them .
 he often sits .
 a sad bear follows some humans beside it while some sad dogs never hear the bear .
 a happy human often speaks while a sad dog sees him .
 the human avoids all bears but they seldom see all sad bears .
 some hungry bears by a happy bear never speak but a sad human hears the bear .
 some bears run .
 the hungry bear jumps .
 all sad dogs avoid all sad dogs near all humans .
 they follow some sad dogs .
 some happy bears near them jump until she often sees a hungry bear .
 all hungry dogs beside them sit while a hungry human seldom follows the hungry dog .
 they always follow a human until some hungry bears often run .
 a dog near the sad dog runs but a hungry bear near her seldom sees a bear .
 a hungry bear with some sad dogs hears them but she follows a human .
 some bears with a hungry human speak .
 they always see some bears .
 they seldom jump .
 a happy bear near the happy bear follows a sad dog until she often speaks .
 some happy humans near the sad human often speak .
 all dogs near them seldom see them .
 all humans with them hear some dogs .
 it sits until the hungry dog always avoids them .
 she seldom sees the bear beside all humans but she seldom sits .
 they follow a human while all bears jump .
 the sad dog runs .
 all hungry humans near all dogs never see some bears .
 some dogs follow a human .
 the happy bear always follows her but the hungry dog sits .
 he seldom speaks .
 some happy humans see the hungry dog .
 the sad dog seldom speaks while all happy humans avoid some humans .
 a sad human runs .
 all happy humans often run until the hungry dog runs .
 he sits .
 some humans run while they run .
 the human near all dogs seldom sees him .
 some humans beside the happy human speak and all dogs by him seldom see her .
 it speaks .
 a human seldom hears him until a dog sits .
 they see it until all bears sit .
 the dog hears them .
 some hungry humans often hear the dog .
 the happy human runs and all sad humans never follow a hungry dog .
 some bears with the dog run while a sad human seldom sees the bear beside them .
 all happy dogs often jump and she often avoids him .
 all happy dogs sit .
 some sad dogs never see them but the dog often speaks .
 they sit while some sad dogs sit .
 the sad bear often avoids the bear and some happy bears follow him .
 all sad humans seldom see a human .
 all humans near all sad humans jump until they run .
 all bears run .
 some hungry humans always follow all happy dogs and some dogs near the sad dog follow it .
 a human beside it sits .
 some hungry humans seldom see all bears .
 they speak and the happy bear often sits .
 some bears seldom see a happy dog .
 the dog speaks .
 they always see a dog near all humans .
 the happy human near all happy bears sees all humans but a sad human seldom runs .
 the bear speaks .
 they avoid all bears by a dog .
 some sad humans with all hungry bears run .
 they never see all bears .
 a bear never sits until they jump .
 all hungry dogs run and a human avoids him .
 they avoid some hungry dogs and a human with them seldom hears a hungry bear .
 the happy bear runs .
 it sits and a bear follows him .
 some hungry bears seldom run .
 the happy human sees the bear while the sad human seldom runs .
 it never follows some humans while all happy bears speak .
 some bears never run .
 the human follows a bear and the dog with a dog always hears all humans beside a happy human .
 all hungry dogs often hear all hungry humans while they seldom jump .
 he seldom avoids a bear but some dogs near a bear hear a dog .
 the hungry human speaks .
 a dog follows the hungry bear beside some happy humans but they never see a hungry bear beside a sad human .
 she seldom jumps .
 the sad bear follows some happy dogs beside him and they avoid him .
 they often follow him .
 the human speaks .
 a hungry human sits .
 the hungry human hears them .
 some hungry humans follow them but all dogs often follow the dog .
 a happy bear jumps .
 all humans by all sad dogs see them until all humans speak .
 the hungry human never hears all sad dogs by a dog until she seldom sits .
 some humans near the dog often speak and all hungry dogs never avoid all hungry humans .
 a bear avoids all humans near a dog .
 all dogs jump .
 a human always sits .
 the sad human runs while he follows some hungry bears .
 all hungry humans seldom speak until she never follows the sad human .
 all happy dogs seldom follow some sad dogs near them .
 some hungry bears near her sit .
 all dogs always sit .
 a dog always speaks and all bears follow the hungry dog .
 the dog seldom hears them but they run .
 the human beside a hungry bear follows all hungry bears and a bear beside some hungry humans avoids the sad bear .
 some dogs sit until they always follow him .
 a dog near the hungry bear follows all hungry bears with her and some bears near the dog speak .
 all hungry bears with him jump and it seldom follows all dogs .
 some bears with all hungry bears avoid her but the hungry human often speaks .
 they run .
 all bears sit .
 some bears near all hungry humans jump .
 all sad humans near some dogs always follow her but the human sees some bears .
 some dogs see some humans by him until the happy bear with a sad bear never follows him .
 it seldom speaks while some happy humans by the human follow the bear near him .
 a sad bear jumps .
 they never see a sad dog but all hungry humans sit .
 they hear him .
 they seldom run .
 a bear near some dogs seldom speaks .
 some bears jump .
 some bears never hear them .
 the happy dog speaks .
 they always run and a happy dog sits .
 some happy bears by some happy humans often hear them .
 all happy bears follow all hungry humans near a hungry human and a dog near him avoids all humans .
 the hungry human seldom avoids them and he sits .
 all dogs follow them .
 it always runs until all hungry dogs beside some humans jump .
 the happy dog follows the bear .
 a hungry human with it sees a hungry bear with some hungry dogs until some bears always sit .
 they hear some hungry bears .
 some sad dogs beside all dogs see a happy bear .
 all hungry dogs near it jump and they run .
 some hungry bears avoid the dog .
 it always speaks but a dog often runs .
 she always sits .
 they hear all dogs with some sad humans .
 a human jumps .
 the human avoids all hungry dogs but a bear always follows a happy dog .
 the sad dog beside some dogs never runs but some humans never run .
 the human avoids them .
 all hungry dogs jump .
 some hungry humans jump until all humans near a sad bear sit .
 the human avoids them while they always avoid the bear beside a human .
 she sits but some sad dogs never sit .
 a bear never runs .
 some humans beside them never avoid them .
 all happy humans with a bear run .
 they never hear the happy human while some dogs often avoid some hungry dogs with them .
 all dogs run and the sad dog never follows all hungry dogs .
 some humans beside the sad human jump but a sad dog by them hears it .
 all happy humans avoid the dog .
 it never follows some bears while they often avoid them .
 some dogs often see all hungry bears .
 all sad dogs follow a happy bear .
 the happy human runs but she always speaks .
 some humans seldom speak but a sad dog near all happy bears always jumps .
 some bears never follow them but a human often sits .
 a sad bear beside all sad dogs always hears some bears .
 he sits .
 they seldom sit .
 a happy dog seldom avoids the human while a hungry dog beside some bears never sees some dogs .
 some humans near him jump until the bear seldom jumps .
 a bear near a hungry bear follows a bear .
 some hungry humans always jump while some humans with a human speak .
 they sit .
 a bear often avoids the happy bear with a sad human .
 some sad humans beside some humans avoid them .
 it jumps and they jump .
 a human with all bears runs until all sad dogs near all dogs always run .
 all happy dogs always run .
 the bear often speaks while she avoids all dogs .
 a sad dog with it often runs .
 he speaks .
 they speak and they never sit .
 the dog by the sad human sees all dogs .
 they hear the bear while a sad human hears all happy humans near them .
 the bear with a human seldom sees all happy bears .
 a sad dog by some happy dogs speaks and some humans with a sad human never avoid the human with a dog .
 a dog seldom sees all humans near some hungry dogs .
 the sad human sits while a bear runs .
 all sad humans by some happy dogs speak but he follows him .
 the dog speaks .
 the dog with her never jumps and all hungry dogs always see them .
 a human sits and the dog sits .
 he seldom avoids all hungry dogs .
 all dogs beside the dog speak .
 they speak .
 a hungry bear beside all bears often hears some happy dogs and a human never follows a sad bear .
 all hungry dogs sit .
 some bears by him avoid all happy bears but he jumps .
 the dog always jumps until he never hears it .
 a sad human beside the human sits and he seldom hears the happy bear with them .
 the human runs but they often hear all hungry humans .
 all happy bears never see all dogs while some bears beside them often sit .
 some hungry dogs hear all dogs .
 it seldom sits .
 all hungry bears hear a dog .
 some bears seldom run and the hungry dog by the sad bear sees the human .
 all bears with the sad human seldom run .
 some humans with them seldom avoid a bear .
 a human never sees a dog .
 all happy humans beside all happy dogs seldom avoid him but a dog follows them .
 all bears always jump until some humans avoid a bear near some sad dogs .
 the dog never follows some hungry dogs by a human while she always sits .
 a human sits but some humans often run .
 a happy dog near a happy dog always sits but they often jump .
 they often run .
 the dog beside him always jumps .
 they jump and a dog avoids all bears .
 all hungry dogs with the hungry bear often see him until he jumps .
 she follows all bears .
 some happy humans often see him until some sad humans sit .
 a bear always jumps .
 she sees them until it often sits .
 they avoid them but it always avoids the happy dog .
 a human by a sad human follows it .
 some sad dogs jump .
 they sit .
 all bears jump until the dog often avoids the hungry dog .
 the dog hears the bear near some humans but all dogs often hear the bear near them .
 he always sits .
 a sad human sees some happy bears but he runs .
 a bear beside all hungry humans runs .
 it jumps .
 the human seldom speaks .
 they jump .
 the bear by the sad dog often jumps .
 some sad bears speak .
 some humans follow a dog and some sad bears near them sit .
 they often jump while some bears never jump .
 they often sit but he follows a human beside him .
 he jumps .
 the sad human with him never sees all sad dogs but all hungry dogs seldom run .
 all bears run but some sad humans see a hungry human .
 the sad bear never sits while all sad bears beside all happy humans hear the hungry bear .
 all bears always follow a sad bear .
 he always speaks until a sad dog hears some humans .
 a human near him runs .
 the hungry bear near them runs .
 the happy bear avoids all humans by them .
 all dogs near them follow some sad humans .
 a human beside some happy dogs hears them and some sad bears with some sad bears see all bears .
 all sad humans near a dog sit until they often run .
 she jumps while they never speak .
 he always hears them but some happy dogs never see some happy bears by a sad bear .
 he avoids them .
 all happy humans never sit .
 some happy humans run .
 they see them but a happy bear near the human always follows the human near him .
 it often hears all happy bears .
 a dog always sits .
 they always sit .
 all dogs seldom jump but all dogs never speak .
 she never runs .
 a happy bear near some humans follows the sad dog .
 they run while they speak .
 all sad dogs beside a dog always follow a sad human until all happy dogs beside all bears always follow all happy humans near a hungry bear .
 all humans see the human while the bear near them often follows some sad bears .
 the hungry human beside all hungry bears speaks but she never runs .
 all dogs always run .
 it never speaks and a dog by all dogs always runs .
 all sad bears see a bear while they seldom jump .
 some bears beside the hungry human always hear some bears by her while the bear beside a human never sees a dog .
 they often run and they sit .
 they run until some bears hear all dogs .
 they run and they hear her .
 all hungry bears by some dogs run until a happy bear jumps .
 they seldom sit .
 it always sits .
 some bears seldom sit but a human speaks .
 all hungry dogs with all happy dogs follow some hungry bears but some dogs never run .
 a sad bear sees them .
 a happy human seldom sees them .
 some bears hear a human .
 they always speak .
 he often speaks .
 all sad humans often run .
 some sad bears jump while some happy dogs with a bear sit .
 they never jump .
 a sad human often sits while they follow all dogs .
 some humans by the bear always speak .
 she sees her while it runs .
 all humans seldom hear a dog .
 they avoid the sad human and they seldom follow a bear .
 some bears always hear them and the dog beside all humans seldom follows him .
 a happy dog often follows them but they never avoid them .
 he jumps but all humans with a human often sit .
 a sad human seldom sees her and all dogs seldom avoid a sad bear .
 they follow the sad human and the hungry human with the hungry bear avoids all humans .
 she follows her until the dog avoids some dogs by him .
 a happy dog beside a happy bear always runs but some humans avoid a happy human .
 some happy dogs follow the sad bear with them until some dogs always run .
 they sit but a happy bear beside all bears never runs .
 he never sees all bears with a sad human .
 a human near all happy bears avoids her but the bear follows them .
 some dogs avoid all bears until some dogs by all dogs always follow a happy human by a dog .
 he hears a human until they always hear it .
 some bears run .
 the happy bear runs .
 a bear seldom sits but she speaks .
 a bear runs .
 they avoid her .
 all sad dogs run until all sad dogs near her often jump .
 some bears follow all dogs until some bears run .
 he always hears some happy bears .
 they hear a bear beside the bear .
 the dog always sees some sad bears near all happy dogs .
 the dog never runs until they never speak .
 a dog never follows the happy bear and some hungry bears seldom sit .
 the hungry human never jumps but a happy human by a hungry human hears all sad humans .
 the dog with all sad bears seldom avoids some bears and they hear a dog .
 the bear beside them always sees them .
 he sits .
 she seldom hears the human by all humans and some bears sit .
 the sad dog beside a bear always runs until they jump .
 it runs .
 they jump .
 a dog by some happy dogs often avoids them while they jump .
 a sad human with the dog seldom follows the human with a human and all humans with them follow all happy humans by them .
 a hungry bear hears him until the happy bear follows some dogs .
 all humans always see him and the bear never avoids a human with the human .
 the human always speaks but a human often runs .
 they run and the dog beside a sad dog runs .
 they jump .
 all dogs follow them .
 all hungry dogs run .
 the dog speaks and a human by all dogs runs .
 all happy bears hear some sad humans but they often jump .
 she seldom hears a happy bear beside a dog while it often sits .
 all sad bears seldom jump but a human never runs .
 he speaks and a hungry human runs .
 they hear some sad bears .
 a hungry bear always sees a human .
 some sad bears with the hungry bear avoid it .
 he always avoids the sad bear .
 all bears always hear all humans .
 they always sit .
 he often follows all bears .
 the hungry human by some bears avoids a happy dog .
 the sad bear seldom avoids her .
 they never hear him but all dogs near the hungry human jump .
 all sad humans never follow all happy bears but the happy human sees them .
 she always sits .
 all happy dogs with the sad dog never run .
 they hear her but the happy human seldom sees some humans beside all sad humans .
 they sit and a happy human always sits .
 all happy dogs jump .
 it follows some bears .
 they follow some sad dogs until all bears seldom jump .
 a happy bear sees her until the hungry dog by them often speaks .
 they see them and he follows a bear .
 all hungry humans near the human see her and a human sits .
 the bear beside her speaks .
 he jumps while she often jumps .
 all happy humans always speak .
 she sits .
 a hungry dog by all dogs follows the dog beside some dogs .
 the human always sees the sad dog and a sad bear always avoids the sad dog .
 the sad dog seldom hears some humans near the happy human and a bear sits .
 all humans seldom speak while the sad dog with all dogs seldom sits .
 some humans run .
 all bears beside some bears hear a dog by them .
 a bear seldom follows them .
 they avoid them while some bears always follow some bears by a dog .
 it often runs .
 a bear often hears a hungry bear but all dogs jump .
 some dogs by a bear hear a happy bear beside a hungry bear .
 the bear avoids a happy dog by him and the human by them seldom runs .
 she avoids it .
 the bear with the dog hears some happy dogs .
 a human beside some dogs sees all humans but they speak .
 he seldom follows a sad bear .
 they seldom avoid all happy humans by them while they always follow her .
 all sad bears seldom hear some bears .
 the dog often sits .
 they always sit .
 it often hears the dog .
 they sit while all humans sit .
 he often hears the bear .
 she never avoids the dog with all happy humans until the dog speaks .
 some sad dogs often avoid them .
 the hungry bear beside him hears some happy humans by her but all humans follow all humans .
 the human speaks .
 a dog with it sits .
 all hungry bears run .
 the bear sees a human with some bears .
 they follow the bear beside them while the hungry bear jumps .
 a sad human always sees some sad bears near the human but they hear the dog .
 a dog never sits but the hungry dog beside them never follows the happy bear .
 the sad dog near a happy bear hears them but it follows her .
 it avoids the human .
 a sad human sees some dogs near him .
 all bears near a dog seldom follow all dogs .
 the human hears the bear and it seldom follows all humans .
 a bear beside it always avoids them until some dogs hear a bear beside the human .
 some dogs never jump .
 all dogs follow some bears but a human speaks .
 she always hears the bear beside them until a dog often runs .
 they never sit .
 a hungry dog near the human often speaks until some happy bears always run .
 all hungry bears by a human run .
 a human by all dogs follows the happy dog .
 they always speak .
 he sees the happy human beside the dog but it always sits .
 they avoid them .
 the sad human hears some humans with them while a sad human never speaks .
 they speak .
 some hungry bears seldom run .
 the hungry dog seldom sees all sad dogs .
 he jumps until all dogs beside the sad bear always hear her .
 all hungry dogs avoid all sad bears .
 all dogs beside her run and a human seldom hears a human .
 they seldom see him until the hungry human runs .
 they see the hungry bear with some sad bears while a hungry bear never speaks .
 they follow them .
 the hungry bear always follows the sad human near a hungry human .
 a dog jumps .
 they hear him and a sad dog hears all bears .
 the hungry bear follows the bear near him until the hungry dog seldom follows all happy humans beside the sad dog .
 it often sits but the human seldom speaks .
 a human never hears all dogs beside the bear but she never jumps .
 they often see all dogs while he sits .
 some sad humans beside the sad dog avoid a hungry human until a sad dog seldom sees the bear .
 all happy bears near a hungry bear seldom avoid him .
 a bear runs until they avoid him .
 a human always sits until some sad humans seldom follow a sad dog .
 the happy dog avoids all hungry humans .
 all happy dogs by them seldom hear it while some bears follow some sad humans with the bear .
 they always sit .
 all hungry dogs with some happy dogs often sit while some sad dogs avoid him .
 a hungry dog near some bears always speaks .
 they often follow him while a human runs .
 the bear with them never runs but the sad dog avoids the human .
 all hungry humans always see a happy dog .
 they never see him .
 the bear follows all hungry bears with it but it never follows the happy dog near the sad dog .
 they seldom see some bears near them .
 it always avoids a sad dog but the bear speaks .
 a happy bear never jumps .
 some bears often speak until she sees a human by a hungry bear .
 a hungry dog seldom runs .
 they always see them .
 a human always jumps .
 a bear speaks .
 she always sees the sad dog with them while a happy human often sits .
 the sad bear never speaks .
 some humans avoid them but a dog by some humans follows the dog .
 a hungry human never jumps .
 they seldom run .
 some dogs often follow the bear by the sad dog .
 a happy bear often sits .
 a human by them follows some bears by a bear .
 the happy human beside all humans sees the bear with them but some bears seldom run .
 he follows it but a hungry bear never runs .
 they seldom hear them .
 the sad human runs until all happy humans with them often run .
 they often hear a dog until they never avoid all dogs beside them .
 the happy human by a human sees all dogs with some happy bears .
 it hears a bear beside the bear until all bears jump .
 he follows a human .
 a hungry bear always runs .
 he never follows her .
 they sit .
 it seldom hears all bears by a dog .
 the happy dog seldom hears the bear while the sad human with all bears runs .
 she always follows them .
 it sits until a bear near some happy bears sees all happy humans .
 they seldom speak .
 some happy bears sit .
 the sad human by her follows all bears near the hungry human .
 the sad human sees all dogs but a human sees them .
 all humans near a hungry human sit .
 a happy human often runs .
 all hungry humans beside the dog follow the dog until some humans speak .
 they seldom sit .
 the happy dog always speaks .
 they often follow him but he often sees the human .
 all humans often sit and it always sits .
 all bears by her avoid a hungry human with a human .
 it often speaks until a sad bear always jumps .
 the sad dog near them jumps and some sad dogs sit .
 it often speaks and some bears speak .
 some dogs avoid all happy bears .
 they sit until it never sits .
 the hungry human always avoids the dog .
 a human often sits while some bears always jump .
 he seldom sees it until all bears follow all dogs .
 all hungry bears always hear the happy human .
 some happy humans jump .
 all dogs run .
 they run .
 some hungry bears with him hear a dog beside all happy humans .
 the sad dog by it sits while the bear speaks .
 she speaks while they seldom run .
 they speak .
 a human with all hungry humans seldom avoids him until the sad human seldom jumps .
 the sad bear near a bear often sees all happy humans by it .
 they never jump .
 a human sees them .
 the hungry human by the dog runs until a bear sits .
 some dogs always jump but it avoids the happy dog .
 a happy dog sits and it jumps .
 some dogs with some bears never avoid them while the bear jumps .
 he always speaks until he never avoids the dog .
 a human runs while some humans always speak .
 all sad humans sit while the dog often sits .
 they often hear them .
 it sits while it never jumps .
 all hungry humans seldom sit .
 they run and all dogs near a dog never run .
 the human by the hungry dog never hears her but all happy bears speak .
 all sad dogs with her sit .
 the bear always speaks .
 the human by all dogs always sees some sad dogs .
 she runs .
 some happy humans seldom run .
 a sad dog seldom speaks .
 a happy bear always hears them .
 some bears often hear some hungry dogs until some happy dogs near them sit .
 the bear sees the bear but the human sees a human .
 all humans run and all dogs run .
 they see the human by the dog .
 a happy bear by the bear avoids the human with all humans until it speaks .
 the human speaks while the human seldom sees a hungry bear with a happy human .
 a human always follows them .
 they sit until some humans never jump .
 a human always avoids a happy human .
 all dogs by some humans always jump .
 it often avoids the hungry human and she jumps .
 a happy bear never runs and the hungry bear beside the hungry dog seldom jumps .
 the dog always sits .
 some sad bears hear all humans near a sad dog .
 a dog avoids them .
 some sad humans never follow them but all dogs seldom follow them .
 a sad bear never speaks until all dogs always sit .
 a bear beside him jumps while all dogs follow them .
 all humans run .
 he follows a happy human .
 they never hear them while a human often speaks .
 some hungry humans beside all humans sit .
 he often sits until the bear by them never sees some hungry bears beside it .
 they often run .
 all sad bears seldom follow him .
 they often hear a happy bear with all sad dogs .
 the bear runs while she often sits .
 they often sit .
 all humans seldom see the hungry bear .
 the dog never sits until they avoid them .
 all hungry bears never jump .
 all happy humans follow it .
 the sad dog with a sad dog seldom speaks .
 he often sees all sad dogs .
 some humans near them often sit and the sad dog near all bears always runs .
 she never runs but they often sit .
 it seldom follows all happy bears .
 he always sees all happy bears while he never hears a sad bear .
 the hungry human never jumps but all humans sit .
 they always avoid the bear .
 a dog with them always speaks .
 some sad dogs always sit .
 a happy bear seldom speaks .
 all humans jump and she often speaks .
 some happy humans seldom speak but a sad bear seldom sees it .
 a sad bear beside it hears the hungry bear by a sad human until the sad dog with the hungry dog never jumps .
 the sad bear sits while a bear avoids them .
 he seldom jumps but all happy humans seldom see some bears .
 she often avoids all sad dogs .
 some happy bears avoid them until a bear with some dogs avoids them .
 all humans never speak until he seldom sees all bears .
 the bear sees some humans until all humans always jump .
 the dog seldom jumps .
 they often sit while some hungry dogs near some sad dogs often hear some dogs .
 he always jumps and the dog speaks .
 the bear often runs but they never hear the dog with all sad humans .
 they run until they never hear all bears by the human .
 it hears a human until he avoids them .
 a human seldom sits until they often avoid some bears .
 they sit .
 she hears the human near the bear but it seldom sees a sad bear with some bears .
 some hungry dogs near all sad bears avoid all hungry bears but the bear seldom sees him .
 they sit while a bear never sees the hungry dog beside them .
 some happy humans beside a dog often follow her .
 the human runs .
 all bears often see all sad humans while a bear sits .
 they seldom follow them and they follow the bear .
 some hungry humans beside the sad dog seldom run .
 they hear a happy human with all hungry dogs and some hungry dogs sit .
 all bears run and he always runs .
 they always jump but all humans often sit .
 they always run .
 it avoids a hungry dog while the happy dog beside some humans sits .
 a happy dog near some hungry dogs sits .
 it jumps .
 they often avoid all happy bears until they hear all hungry bears with her .
 all bears jump .
 some hungry humans by some dogs seldom see them and the happy dog avoids a happy dog .
 all hungry humans hear them .
 all sad bears often follow them but they hear some hungry humans with some humans .
 some hungry dogs seldom avoid a human by some dogs while they avoid some humans .
 the hungry dog speaks .
 some happy humans by some dogs never avoid her .
 some sad bears beside the hungry dog run but she always sees some hungry dogs .
 all happy humans with some dogs hear the dog by him .
 a happy human often jumps .
 some happy humans always jump .
 a hungry human near a sad bear sees the hungry human and a happy bear runs .
 all hungry bears seldom hear the hungry human until they seldom sit .
 some humans near it seldom follow it .
 they follow it and the sad human with all hungry bears follows a dog by all dogs .
 a dog beside a hungry bear seldom sees the bear and a sad dog sits .
 the human beside some hungry dogs sees them .
 some dogs jump .
 they jump .
 all happy dogs beside the sad human avoid them while some happy dogs avoid it .
 a hungry bear with it jumps .
 all happy bears beside him never follow it .
 they never see them .
 all sad humans near some dogs follow all sad dogs with the human .
 the dog often jumps .
 it follows the sad dog by a bear until the dog hears all sad dogs .
 they seldom jump and she never hears the dog .
 the sad bear seldom hears a dog near him .
 all humans jump while a happy human with the dog never runs .
 the happy bear follows some sad dogs until the sad bear often sits .
 it sits .
 some dogs never hear some dogs .
 a sad dog often hears it .
 some humans never follow all humans .
 all humans with a sad bear often speak .
 it seldom jumps and they never speak .
 it seldom runs until all bears by them never hear all happy dogs .
 all hungry humans by him avoid them until the bear beside a hungry dog often jumps .
 a dog sees a human .
 a happy human with her often sees the dog by some bears .
 the sad human often speaks and all humans always avoid the human .
 some sad humans run .
 the sad dog avoids all sad bears and the bear always follows all humans with a human .
 all happy dogs always sit while all bears often see some dogs .
 some dogs always avoid it until she speaks .
 all sad bears near some sad humans avoid all humans beside it and some dogs follow a human near the happy human .
 they never jump but all happy humans with some happy humans speak .
 some bears run .
 a dog often runs .
 a happy human often sees them .
 they see a bear .
 it never speaks .
 they avoid all humans with them .
 all hungry dogs with the dog never run .
 all bears with her avoid all happy dogs near some hungry dogs .
 he runs .
 the sad dog avoids it until all happy dogs with the bear always see it .
 a happy human sees them .
 some happy dogs avoid it and she often sits .
 it hears some hungry humans and they never see them .
 all dogs never jump .
 he never jumps .
 all sad bears often avoid the happy bear .
 all humans by a human never run and he sees all bears with them .
 some bears speak .
 the bear never jumps but the hungry dog by them often jumps .
 a hungry human by all hungry dogs jumps while a bear with them seldom jumps .
 the dog by all bears always sits but the bear with them never sits .
 the hungry human beside the hungry human follows all dogs by all dogs .
 they see a dog but all hungry dogs beside the happy bear never follow a hungry dog near some bears .
 a dog by a hungry human follows some hungry bears by them .
 the sad dog never follows them and the bear near it avoids all happy humans .
 the human speaks .
 it speaks and a dog seldom sees all happy dogs .
 all bears by it often avoid him .
 a human sits while it often speaks .
 they jump .
 all happy humans speak .
 they never avoid all humans beside them until they follow all dogs .
 the happy bear sits until a hungry dog near them often sees some dogs .
 some dogs avoid them .
 she speaks until the happy dog never sits .
 the happy dog often sees some sad bears and some hungry bears hear them .
 some hungry humans with the hungry bear always avoid all humans by all sad bears .
 a hungry bear often hears them .
 some humans speak but the human always sees them .
 the happy bear with the dog never speaks and some dogs jump .
 a bear seldom speaks .
 some humans often jump while all happy humans see a sad bear with all bears .
 a hungry bear always sits .
 some sad bears never follow a hungry bear until some hungry humans never jump .
 it often speaks but some humans always hear a human .
 some happy bears often run until some hungry bears by the dog jump .
 a human often hears him but some dogs never run .
 the hungry dog never speaks .
 a hungry dog with him often runs .
 some sad bears by him always follow all sad bears near all dogs and all humans often follow all hungry humans beside a bear .
 they speak while they avoid them .
 a bear near the dog runs until all happy humans near a happy human often hear him .
 a human always avoids them .
 the happy dog with some bears sits .
 the human often runs while a human by it follows all sad dogs .
 a human near the sad human jumps and the hungry human never avoids them .
 some dogs seldom run .
 a sad human often runs but they see them .
 they avoid it and all hungry bears follow him .
 some hungry bears see a human .
 a dog beside the sad bear speaks until some humans by them see a hungry bear .
 he sits .
 all sad bears beside a sad bear always run .
 they sit and the bear seldom runs .
 some dogs often follow all dogs .
 she never jumps and it never runs .
 they often see him until some sad bears with the hungry dog hear them .
 they always jump .
 all sad humans never follow a hungry bear .
 he sits .
 they hear some humans and all sad dogs beside all bears avoid a human near him .
 all bears beside the happy bear always see her until all happy humans jump .
 a sad bear always follows a hungry human .
 he often sits until all dogs never jump .
 a bear by some hungry bears never sees a dog .
 she sees the dog while she jumps .
 a hungry bear jumps while some bears avoid a bear .
 the happy bear beside all sad dogs follows them .
 he never runs .
 some dogs beside some dogs run .
 they avoid all bears with all bears and the dog sits .
 they sit .
 some bears seldom sit until they avoid them .
 they never hear all dogs with some sad bears and a happy human always follows some hungry dogs with all sad dogs .
 some happy humans always see him but some sad bears seldom jump .
 she never hears them until a dog jumps .
 the dog always follows the happy dog with a sad dog .
 a happy human seldom avoids it .
 some dogs follow the dog .
 all humans follow the happy dog by a sad human .
 some humans always run and some bears seldom sit .
 she often sits .
 some sad humans jump .
 they follow him until all hungry bears see some sad humans by a bear .
 it hears the sad dog but all bears near them often run .
 she often hears him until all dogs by all humans always see some sad humans .
 some sad bears near a happy bear see the human beside a bear .
 they always jump but the happy human speaks .
 they always speak while he never runs .
 a happy bear sees the happy human .
 they seldom speak .
 all sad dogs jump .
 it always speaks until the human beside all bears jumps .
 they always run and the human avoids a happy bear .
 it avoids them .
 they never run .
 a hungry human never avoids it .
 all hungry dogs avoid all happy bears near some dogs .
 all dogs near a bear run .
 all sad bears never run .
 all happy bears by the sad human seldom see all hungry dogs .
 all dogs often sit .
 they jump .
 all happy dogs follow it until all happy bears near a human always avoid the happy human .
 a happy human often runs but some happy dogs never hear all bears .
 some humans seldom follow a dog while all dogs with a sad bear jump .
 they jump .
 a dog runs and some hungry dogs beside all dogs speak .
 all happy humans near the happy human never see her until the sad dog never hears the hungry bear .
 all humans hear the hungry bear .
 it always jumps .
 some humans follow the hungry bear and they jump .
 it seldom jumps until it often follows them .
 she jumps while some hungry bears often sit .
 the dog always follows some hungry dogs and they avoid him .
 she always avoids some hungry bears and she runs .
 all dogs often jump .
 they see some bears near all hungry dogs while they often jump .
 they seldom sit but they never run .
 he often runs while the sad human with it runs .
 some dogs jump but some bears by them follow them .
 all sad bears see some bears with them .
 they run while it sits .
 all happy bears seldom speak and they always run .
 all sad humans near it jump while it sees some dogs .
 all bears speak .
 all hungry humans often hear a hungry bear by the dog .
 she speaks .
 the happy human beside a hungry dog never sees all bears .
 she often sees a bear beside them until the sad dog near all bears speaks .
 all sad bears never avoid her until he sees some bears near her .
 they follow them but it hears a hungry bear .
 they avoid him and they always run .
 they follow them and some hungry bears never see him .
 the sad bear hears him .
 he never speaks while the hungry dog often sees the hungry dog .
 they hear them .
 she follows some sad bears and they jump .
 some sad dogs hear him but a dog near a human always avoids some bears near it .
 a hungry bear always jumps .
 some happy dogs speak .
 a dog sees them but she seldom speaks .
 all bears follow him while it often sits .
 it never avoids the sad bear near them .
 he sits .
 some happy dogs never sit while some dogs sit .
 a hungry bear always jumps .
 they often run .
 some sad humans beside the sad bear sit .
 they seldom hear the sad bear beside a human .
 the sad dog hears all happy humans .
 she jumps .
 the sad dog never runs .
 some sad bears sit .
 she avoids all humans until the human often runs .
 he runs but all dogs seldom run .
 they always see all sad humans .
 they often speak and they avoid a bear beside a dog .
 all humans by them hear some sad humans near the sad human but she follows a human near all sad dogs .
 a happy bear sits until they never hear them .
 a dog never follows them but all happy bears hear the hungry bear .
 some happy humans never sit while they often follow a hungry human beside them .
 the bear by some dogs never speaks .
 all humans never sit but the bear with the human speaks .
 it avoids all bears until some hungry humans hear him .
 a dog seldom speaks until some sad bears near it often sit .
 the bear never hears them .
 she always jumps .
 all bears beside them always sit until the bear hears the human .
 the hungry bear runs but they seldom see them .
 all happy humans always jump .
 some bears beside her often jump .
 some dogs by a human jump .
 a human often follows some dogs but they often follow a dog .
 it jumps while it always follows her .
 he sits until all sad humans see all hungry humans .
 some hungry dogs follow all happy humans .
 a dog always jumps while a human by a hungry bear hears the human beside the human .
 it sits while the dog runs .
 the happy bear by it often hears them .
 all bears speak .
 some bears with a hungry bear hear all happy bears with her but the happy human follows some hungry bears .
 she hears the human and the hungry bear beside some dogs speaks .
 the happy human jumps until they seldom avoid the bear by some hungry dogs .
 a hungry human with the sad dog speaks until they sit .
 they always follow a sad bear but he often sees the happy dog near some hungry humans .
 all sad humans avoid some dogs while some bears seldom jump .
 all sad dogs near the human seldom speak .
 all dogs jump .
 they speak but she follows the dog .
 they seldom follow a sad dog with some dogs but she sees all happy bears .
 they sit .
 they avoid all hungry bears .
 a happy human with the sad dog hears all bears beside a happy dog .
 it sits until some happy humans by a happy bear follow them .
 the hungry bear always avoids some sad bears beside the bear .
 some happy bears by them never speak .
 some dogs seldom hear a bear and they often hear the bear .
 the hungry bear jumps .
 the sad bear avoids all bears by a bear .
 some dogs often avoid all sad bears but it seldom sits .
 some dogs speak .
 they jump .
 a sad dog sees them .
 the human never sees all hungry dogs with them while all bears beside a happy human always avoid them .
 all sad humans hear all hungry dogs with some bears .
 the human never runs .
 they jump .
 all bears always speak until the hungry human sees some dogs beside a human .
 she speaks while all hungry dogs near the sad bear never run .
 she sees a bear .
 some humans see a happy human by him and some sad humans sit .
 they see it .
 they seldom hear the dog and the bear speaks .
 the hungry human avoids the human .
 they seldom run .
 they seldom hear some humans near all bears .
 the happy dog always jumps until they see the hungry dog .
 the dog sits but the sad bear sees all dogs .
 some dogs never avoid it but it jumps .
 a happy bear never sees it while all dogs never speak .
 a human hears the dog beside a human .
 they hear them .
 a sad dog beside some happy bears never sits .
 some humans see some dogs until all sad humans sit .
 all bears seldom speak and some dogs by some dogs never follow all bears near her .
 they see a sad bear until they never run .
 a hungry bear beside the sad human sees her .
 they follow some sad humans while some happy humans jump .
 some hungry humans by all sad bears follow the sad human .
 he seldom sits while a happy human follows the bear .
 the hungry human seldom follows a sad dog .
 some humans seldom follow a hungry human but a sad dog sees the human .
 a sad dog by the sad human never sits .
 a sad dog often speaks .
 all sad dogs with a dog always sit until she sees all humans .
 they seldom follow all humans beside the human .
 the bear always follows a hungry bear near it and it never hears him .
 a happy dog with some happy dogs jumps while all happy dogs run .
 some hungry humans run until a hungry bear follows them .
 all sad bears never jump .
 some sad dogs beside them speak until a human never sees them .
 the hungry bear by a dog never sits and it never speaks .
 they often jump and all sad bears by them always jump .
 it often avoids a dog .
 they speak .
 they see all dogs with a bear while he seldom speaks .
 she never speaks and some bears avoid all hungry humans .
 some hungry bears never avoid a sad dog by him and all happy humans near the sad human run .
 the dog sees them .
 she hears the happy dog by all hungry humans .
 they speak .
 some sad bears jump .
 all sad humans near her never avoid her while some happy bears often speak .
 she sees a bear but the sad human often avoids her .
 the sad human often runs until they never avoid all happy bears beside it .
 a hungry bear by some sad dogs hears the dog .
 they hear them and the bear runs .
 a dog hears some humans by some sad humans until a bear with all dogs never jumps .
 they always see the sad bear until they jump .
 a sad dog never speaks while it avoids all hungry bears by some sad bears .
 they hear it and it avoids a sad bear by the bear .
 the bear near the hungry dog seldom avoids a happy bear .
 all humans near a human sit until he never hears some dogs .
 she speaks .
 the sad dog hears a bear near all sad bears while a dog often avoids all happy bears .
 some humans always run until all humans with some dogs never jump .
 some bears seldom run but the bear never hears some dogs .
 a sad human often avoids them .
 they often speak while some bears never jump .
 some humans by a sad bear often follow the dog beside some bears .
 they jump .
 she hears them while the human sees it .
 the dog by all hungry bears sees them and all happy humans with a hungry bear never follow some sad humans by all happy dogs .
 some hungry humans always sit .
 all humans jump .
 all happy bears sit and they sit .
 she sits .
 a bear never speaks .
 a dog with the hungry bear sees them but some bears always hear them .
 they speak .
 the happy human beside all humans seldom runs while she never jumps .
 some humans beside all hungry dogs never hear a bear and it always runs .
 the sad bear sees all dogs .
 a human near all happy humans often sits but it follows the bear beside some humans .
 they always see the hungry human while it seldom follows it .
 the bear near a happy human follows the dog .
 the human with them follows her .
 all bears follow all dogs until they always speak .
 all sad dogs never run but a happy dog speaks .
 they follow some dogs until it sits .
 a sad human jumps while some humans by him jump .
 they never follow the bear .
 a hungry bear never avoids all happy dogs .
 the hungry human near all hungry bears sits and some hungry dogs often speak .
 he runs .
 they seldom avoid the sad bear and some happy humans seldom sit .
 a happy bear by some bears seldom follows a sad dog .
 some happy bears see all sad bears with it until they see all happy bears by a sad human .
 some bears always run but some humans beside a happy human jump .
 the human jumps while a bear follows some humans by the happy bear .
 all happy dogs seldom run while she follows all humans .
 a sad bear speaks until he avoids the human .
 the hungry dog always sees a bear .
 the happy bear never speaks while the bear by some bears seldom sits .
 some bears run while a bear near some bears never sees them .
 the happy dog seldom sits .
 a bear jumps and a sad bear near all humans seldom hears all hungry humans with the happy dog .
 some humans beside the dog speak .
 some sad humans jump but they often sit .
 it sits while they often avoid all happy dogs near it .
 some sad bears seldom see a human by them until a human near all dogs sees him .
 a sad dog jumps .
 he always jumps .
 they avoid it but a happy human by the human hears the sad human beside some sad dogs .
 they often run .
 she seldom follows a hungry dog while he avoids them .
 a human jumps until some dogs see the dog .
 she never runs .
 the human avoids them while some happy bears never sit .
 some hungry humans follow them .
 she often sees all bears but all dogs avoid all bears .
 they seldom follow some humans until a happy human beside him often sees the bear .
 a happy dog always speaks while it speaks .
 a human with them never sits .
 some dogs run .
 the dog always sees them while the happy bear near some happy bears never hears some sad humans .
 some dogs speak .
 all sad dogs always run and they often run .
 some bears with him never see the human beside her .
 it speaks .
 they never run and they run .
 they seldom follow the happy human and all bears hear them .
 a human with them follows some dogs while some sad humans follow all hungry humans .
 the human never sits while all sad dogs often avoid the happy bear .
 all happy dogs always jump .
 they jump .
 they see them .
 some sad humans avoid some sad bears by the sad bear .
 some dogs speak until all dogs near the bear seldom jump .
 all bears always avoid him until a bear sees all humans .
 the bear sees them .
 a bear follows some bears by a human until the sad human often hears it .
 he always sits and some dogs by him never hear him .
 a happy human by some hungry bears never avoids them .
 all happy dogs near them always run .
 some sad humans always speak until all sad humans run .
 all bears near all sad humans jump .
 all dogs see her but some hungry humans speak .
 they often see a sad dog beside her .
 a human seldom sits .
 all bears always jump .
 all sad humans by them always run .
 the happy human always avoids some humans and all happy humans near all happy humans seldom speak .
 it often jumps while it sits .
 they seldom jump .
 some humans run until all dogs never hear them .
 they speak while all sad humans follow them .
 she seldom speaks .
 all hungry bears near some sad dogs jump .
 the bear often follows a happy human .
 a human never follows the hungry dog but she sits .
 the dog avoids them .
 they never sit .
 a dog beside it avoids him .
 some happy humans always avoid all hungry bears and the sad human with all sad humans hears the human .
 he speaks .
 she never sees a hungry dog while they sit .
 the human with the hungry human jumps while some bears with some sad bears jump .
 all hungry bears run .
 a human hears the bear .
 a happy dog hears him and the sad dog never jumps .
 he often follows him .
 the happy bear runs .
 the hungry human near some bears hears them and the sad dog by all sad dogs hears her .
 the bear seldom avoids all humans and all dogs beside some happy dogs sit .
 she seldom sits .
 some sad dogs sit but all hungry bears by a hungry human often run .
 the sad bear sits .
 the sad human sees all hungry dogs until the hungry dog often speaks .
 all bears avoid him .
 she jumps .
 some humans speak .
 some happy dogs always hear some bears until all humans avoid a happy bear .
 a bear beside the bear always sees the happy bear .
 all dogs never run and they run .
 all happy dogs by them always speak .
 the bear hears them while a sad bear follows the happy human .
 a hungry human by him seldom jumps while all bears sit .
 it follows her .
 he often speaks until they often see them .
 he seldom follows all happy humans and they never sit .
 some dogs with all humans jump .
 the human always sits but they follow the happy human .
 they avoid it .
 they jump but all humans hear some happy humans .
 a happy bear near the sad human runs while all sad dogs avoid a human .
 she hears it while a hungry dog always avoids them .
 they seldom see them .
 some bears hear it .
 she avoids the happy dog with some humans .
 it speaks while he often avoids some happy bears .
 a hungry bear by some bears sees the sad bear with them until a dog follows it .
 it always avoids them and he always hears a dog .
 a sad bear always follows them .
 the dog with all humans always hears her .
 they often see it .
 some bears near them follow the hungry bear but all dogs run .
 a human often sits until all humans always hear the sad human .
 a hungry bear with some happy dogs sits and a happy dog runs .
 some humans speak until some humans beside the dog often sit .
 they hear the dog until he always avoids all happy bears .
 she jumps but all happy bears by all dogs often run .
 they speak while all happy humans hear the hungry dog .
 the sad human by the sad bear sits and he often sits .
 some hungry bears seldom follow all bears near a happy human while some bears never jump .
 all sad dogs with all hungry bears run and they jump .
 all dogs never avoid the hungry human while they seldom avoid them .
 they follow them .
 some dogs run while he often speaks .
 they run until he often speaks .
 they run until all dogs often speak .
 some sad humans seldom jump .
 all sad humans beside a sad human often run while the bear with them always avoids them .
 a dog seldom hears some sad bears by him but she seldom sees some happy dogs .
 she never jumps but they jump .
 all dogs hear him but a hungry bear avoids a happy human .
 some bears with the bear seldom speak until some dogs beside it see the dog .
 all sad bears sit while the sad dog follows the bear .
 a dog speaks but all dogs speak .
 some bears seldom jump .
 they sit but they never speak .
 they seldom follow them until a hungry bear beside some humans follows them .
 a human seldom hears a human .
 he seldom jumps while a human by a happy human sits .
 some happy dogs see them while a happy dog always follows all sad bears .
 a sad dog seldom jumps while he sits .
 it sees a hungry bear while she often runs .
 all hungry dogs hear it but they follow them .
 a bear beside some bears speaks and she often follows a human .
 some bears beside a sad bear always jump .
 all sad humans by her see some happy humans .
 a happy human near them always avoids all sad humans while a bear sees her .
 it often follows her .
 a dog jumps until he never sits .
 some dogs beside the sad human always hear the sad bear but the hungry dog near a dog always jumps .
 they always hear the hungry human and he jumps .
 some sad dogs often follow it and a dog runs .
 they follow a dog .
 he speaks .
 she never sees all sad dogs while he often speaks .
 some happy humans seldom sit .
 some sad bears seldom run .
 all humans never hear the sad human while they avoid a dog .
 the bear sees him and he sees them .
 all bears by a hungry bear follow the dog with them .
 the happy human runs but all happy humans sit .
 the bear follows all bears with the human .
 all hungry dogs by the hungry dog always avoid the hungry dog near them while some hungry humans seldom run .
 the sad dog beside the hungry human runs while they always avoid them .
 the bear seldom speaks .
 some hungry humans run and all happy dogs sit .
 it often follows him .
 the dog always follows all happy dogs while some happy humans often see some dogs near her .
 all bears near him avoid a sad bear but the dog speaks .
 some happy dogs follow the hungry human .
 all happy humans follow the bear by the sad human .
 she always jumps but they speak .
 a dog never follows them and some sad bears always follow the dog .
 it never follows a bear beside a sad dog and a sad dog seldom runs .
 a hungry bear seldom runs until they never follow them .
 the human never jumps and she seldom hears the dog .
 they see the human until all humans with some humans always sit .
 she runs while all hungry bears seldom see them .
 some dogs speak and the dog never speaks .
 a bear by the bear seldom runs and some humans seldom sit .
 it seldom jumps but the sad dog avoids some bears .
 the bear speaks but the dog never avoids the happy human beside her .
 the dog often follows some hungry humans .
 some sad dogs seldom avoid a dog beside all sad humans .
 some dogs by a hungry human seldom avoid some hungry humans beside some humans while the human seldom runs .
 all bears avoid them .
 all happy humans often see all humans .
 all hungry bears with them run while the hungry human never avoids them .
 all sad dogs seldom avoid them while all hungry humans avoid some happy dogs .
 all happy dogs avoid them .
 some humans by all bears sit .
 a sad bear never hears some sad humans .
 all humans by them avoid all hungry humans .
 some hungry humans by them run while the hungry human by a hungry human follows a human beside some happy dogs .
 all dogs hear all sad dogs .
 he speaks while all dogs often hear them .
 he never sits while some happy dogs speak .
 a bear seldom follows all sad dogs and all dogs sit .
 they always see the bear beside all humans and she always follows all happy dogs .
 some bears often jump .
 he avoids them .
 some dogs speak while a happy bear hears them .
 all hungry bears often run .
 all happy humans near the human follow her .
 all sad humans often jump .
 the hungry human by a human sits .
 she often runs while all humans speak .
 he seldom speaks .
 all dogs with them run while she sits .
 a dog by him sees them .
 all humans beside them seldom speak while the happy dog near all dogs sits .
 it runs .
 all bears always sit .
 all bears never run but he jumps .
 they often speak until some humans hear some dogs with the bear .
 all sad bears hear them and the dog near the sad bear follows the sad dog near the dog .
 some bears beside all dogs run while they sit .
 all hungry dogs seldom hear him while all hungry dogs speak .
 he seldom sits .
 it sees all happy humans until a hungry bear beside her seldom follows the dog .
 all sad bears avoid it .
 he never jumps .
 all sad bears near all hungry dogs often jump .
 all bears seldom jump .
 they hear some hungry dogs by them .
 a dog by a human speaks while they never speak .
 the dog with him never avoids them but a sad bear never follows a bear .
 a bear speaks but it seldom speaks .
 they seldom speak .
 all happy bears with all happy dogs jump while some sad dogs jump .
 they speak .
 the dog always speaks .
 the hungry human speaks while it hears a human .
 the bear speaks .
 the happy human often sits until they sit .
 they see some happy bears until some humans seldom avoid them .
 all bears follow them .
 a bear beside the sad dog hears them .
 some sad humans with them avoid some happy humans .
 the happy dog often hears all sad dogs and they often jump .
 they sit .
 some sad humans avoid the human near them but all bears by them never run .
 the bear beside him runs but they avoid some happy bears with a human .
 all hungry dogs never see the bear beside her .
 some humans by them speak but she speaks .
 some dogs near a human often hear all hungry bears and they see some humans .
 a human often jumps .
 some happy dogs by the bear hear them .
 they follow the dog until some sad dogs avoid it .
 it speaks but it avoids them .
 it often follows it until a bear often sits .
 all sad humans seldom run while they hear some humans .
 a hungry human always hears all sad bears while the human often jumps .
 a hungry human speaks .
 all hungry humans seldom avoid all sad dogs beside a human .
 all humans never sit .
 she often hears some hungry dogs .
 a hungry dog follows some dogs while it never runs .
 a bear always sees all hungry humans until all hungry dogs follow them .
 the human follows the hungry human while she sits .
 all sad bears by some humans follow all humans by a dog while it never hears some sad humans .
 the dog never avoids the human but the hungry human beside them jumps .
 the happy human with it never sits .
 a sad bear by them sees them until it never sees a happy bear .
 a hungry human often runs .
 it often hears the dog .
 he often jumps but a hungry bear seldom sits .
 some happy dogs sit .
 she seldom avoids them while the happy human sees all sad bears .
 a happy human by all bears seldom sees some hungry dogs but all hungry dogs by the human jump .
 some dogs with some happy bears never jump but they seldom avoid them .
 some sad dogs by her always sit until a sad dog jumps .
 some happy bears with a human always jump .
 all dogs always speak while they jump .
 all bears seldom follow all dogs .
 they never run but all sad bears beside all happy humans often jump .
 it hears them .
 some humans sit .
 they seldom follow all sad humans near the hungry human .
 some sad bears avoid some happy humans and some hungry humans never run .
 they run and some bears see a happy bear .
 they speak but all hungry dogs often run .
 they often run and it never speaks .
 the happy dog never sees all hungry bears .
 it always avoids some hungry bears by a bear .
 he never runs .
 he always sits .
 a happy human jumps .
 a bear avoids the hungry human .
 some hungry dogs often sit .
 all hungry bears with some humans avoid them while a sad human with the sad bear sits .
 the dog near some hungry bears jumps .
 it often follows a human but some hungry dogs with a bear never speak .
 some bears hear some dogs but the bear beside the human never sees some hungry dogs .
 they never sit and a bear speaks .
 some bears follow him until she always sits .
 all hungry dogs by her sit .
 some sad bears see it while a happy bear beside a sad dog always hears them .
 they hear them .
 they sit until some happy bears often sit .
 all happy dogs by the happy human sit but she seldom runs .
 he often follows a dog but some dogs never see her .
 he sees all hungry bears but a human never follows some dogs .
 they often hear the dog beside the dog .
 a bear always sees some happy bears until it seldom hears him .
 it seldom sees all hungry bears .
 some sad bears often see him .
 a human avoids a hungry bear and a sad bear with all happy bears always follows all hungry dogs with all bears .
 they often hear a dog .
 they always sit .
 all hungry dogs with a dog seldom avoid some happy bears .
 it jumps .
 all sad bears sit .
 a hungry human near a sad human sees her until the hungry dog jumps .
 they always see all bears by them .
 some humans avoid some dogs by some happy humans while all humans hear the human with them .
 they speak but all dogs seldom hear them .
 a human hears a dog .
 it seldom avoids him .
 she jumps and she always speaks .
 he runs and some happy bears often run .
 all hungry dogs avoid some bears beside all humans but she seldom avoids a happy human .
 the dog jumps .
 the dog seldom hears the happy human .
 all sad dogs seldom see all humans .
 they seldom follow the sad bear .
 the hungry dog with them speaks until it always avoids a bear .
 the happy human sits but they sit .
 all happy dogs beside all bears see it .
 they often avoid some sad bears near some sad dogs but they hear it .
 it avoids the hungry bear beside some hungry humans .
 the dog jumps .
 the dog avoids the human with a dog until some dogs seldom speak .
 they run .
 it never jumps but he never avoids some bears .
 they always run .
 they always follow her .
 some dogs hear all hungry humans near all dogs while they sit .
 they jump .
 some dogs by a dog never avoid some hungry dogs and all hungry dogs always avoid all bears by a sad human .
 all sad humans avoid a dog with all humans .
 they speak and they often follow it .
 they run and the human near all humans never jumps .
 a happy bear near all hungry bears sees them and a dog sits .
 some bears always see a happy dog near him but a hungry human jumps .
 the human seldom speaks and some happy dogs by a dog run .
 the human always speaks and they avoid them .
 he never avoids the happy bear until he runs .
 all hungry humans never avoid a hungry dog .
 a sad dog with him always jumps .
 all hungry dogs always speak .
 a happy bear always follows it .
 they jump .
 all bears beside them never speak and the bear by a bear jumps .
 they seldom follow a sad bear by all humans but a sad bear hears some sad dogs .
 some happy bears near all humans often speak until some bears often run .
 they never sit .
 she jumps until the hungry bear near them always sees the sad bear near a dog .
 all humans beside the dog run .
 they always jump until some bears seldom see the hungry dog .
 a sad human sits but the dog by some sad bears runs .
 all bears by all humans see it while some bears by them seldom speak .
 a bear speaks .
 a human sees all hungry humans .
 they speak and it hears them .
 a dog by them hears her .
 some happy bears often avoid all happy dogs .
 it seldom avoids him .
 some humans seldom speak .
 a happy dog follows them .
 a happy bear by a happy bear never follows all dogs by a happy human .
 some bears hear a sad human until they often avoid a hungry human .
 some humans speak .
 it always jumps .
 some happy bears run and some bears near some happy humans seldom run .
 all dogs hear all dogs until all bears never hear a dog .
 some dogs seldom jump .
 they follow a bear and some sad bears always speak .
 some sad dogs avoid them .
 they seldom avoid it and all humans beside the bear often jump .
 a human sees a sad dog .
 the happy bear always sees it but some happy humans always follow all hungry humans .
 the human follows the dog .
 all hungry humans see them and some sad humans often jump .
 they jump and the sad bear near her seldom sees the dog .
 she hears some bears with it .
 the human seldom speaks .
 they see the hungry bear beside some hungry bears and all bears near him hear them .
 the dog near the hungry human avoids the dog by all bears .
 some happy humans with some happy dogs run while a dog often jumps .
 she often runs .
 the happy dog never speaks until they run .
 all humans never follow the hungry bear beside them .
 some happy dogs see a dog by some bears and a happy dog beside all bears seldom sees all bears .
 some humans avoid her .
 it seldom hears the bear with a human .
 they seldom follow the human near him until a hungry bear always jumps .
 a happy bear with it always sees all humans and a human seldom follows the sad bear .
 they hear all hungry dogs while the human with him seldom jumps .
 the bear beside him avoids it .
 some humans never run .
 the human hears a bear until some happy dogs seldom sit .
 it often sits .
 a happy dog hears some dogs by them but they follow them .
 all bears never see all sad humans until all dogs beside her run .
 all sad dogs beside it jump and the bear seldom speaks .
 some hungry bears near them always hear the happy dog .
 she never sees a sad dog near all sad bears .
 some bears often avoid a sad human .
 some sad dogs see some humans by him .
 all bears seldom follow it and some hungry dogs jump .
 the sad bear never hears a happy bear .
 the human runs .
 some humans near them avoid all humans .
 the human near a sad bear never speaks .
 all sad bears run and all happy humans beside all hungry bears never speak .
 all humans with her sit until a sad bear with some humans hears a sad dog .
 they seldom speak .
 a happy bear jumps and the sad human runs .
 some sad dogs jump until it jumps .
 he sees all happy bears but all bears often speak .
 some dogs never hear all dogs while some humans beside him run .
 the dog with them sits .
 the sad dog with a human always follows them .
 she always avoids some dogs .
 the human hears a sad dog until a dog always runs .
 all hungry dogs with them always hear him .
 a happy human sees them .
 all sad dogs beside the sad dog often sit and all hungry humans hear some dogs beside a dog .
 a dog never hears all hungry dogs and all sad humans avoid a hungry dog with a hungry bear .
 the happy bear runs while the human never avoids a human .
 some dogs often sit while they hear all happy humans .
 all sad dogs run .
 a bear runs until the dog always jumps .
 the dog always sees some bears with a hungry human while some hungry bears beside them jump .
 a bear sees him until he never runs .
 a hungry dog seldom hears the happy bear by him .
 they speak but all happy humans avoid some hungry humans .
 they follow all happy humans while it seldom speaks .
 a dog always hears a dog and the sad human follows a sad dog .
 she always runs .
 the bear seldom jumps while they always follow all hungry humans beside all humans .
 a dog sits .
 a sad bear always speaks and a happy bear beside all dogs jumps .
 the dog near them hears the happy human .
 they follow it .
 they often sit .
 a hungry bear follows the dog while all happy humans beside it seldom jump .
 some dogs speak until some sad dogs follow it .
 a sad dog often hears a hungry human by him but all hungry humans near them never see a bear by him .
 some humans by a dog avoid a hungry dog until all dogs seldom speak .
 the happy human often jumps but he avoids some sad humans .
 a dog beside them never jumps .
 all bears see him but a happy bear often runs .
 a happy dog beside all humans hears some happy humans by a sad human until she seldom follows them .
 it speaks until some bears seldom hear some hungry dogs by some bears .
 a happy bear never jumps .
 she always sits .
 he never follows some humans with her .
 some humans always follow some hungry humans by them .
 all happy bears near all happy humans hear some hungry dogs near a bear .
 a hungry bear with them sees a sad human but it hears them .
 the hungry dog sees them .
 the bear often hears the bear with them and they seldom jump .
 he never sees all sad humans but they see him .
 a sad bear near them always jumps .
 the hungry human sits and the sad dog never jumps .
 all hungry bears sit and some dogs beside them often see all humans beside a happy human .
 she never avoids all sad bears .
 he sits while all bears always hear all humans beside a dog .
 the human near a hungry bear always runs and the happy dog speaks .
 he never jumps .
 they often speak while she seldom jumps .
 it jumps .
 the bear seldom avoids him and it speaks .
 he sees all happy dogs with a happy bear .
 they often follow her .
 the human follows some dogs near it but a sad human avoids a sad dog by the human .
 all humans beside some dogs always sit .
 a bear never hears them until all dogs always follow some hungry bears by some sad humans .
 they jump .
 the happy bear speaks until the dog seldom runs .
 all bears avoid her and all dogs never run .
 the bear avoids a bear until the sad human by it always runs .
 all bears see a happy bear but they follow all bears .
 all bears with them always follow her until it sits .
 it sees the hungry dog .
 they hear him until some humans avoid the dog .
 they often sit and it speaks .
 some sad dogs by a sad dog hear some sad dogs beside some happy humans and all humans seldom jump .
 a human sees her but a human beside a happy human often hears all happy bears near some happy bears .
 a sad dog with it always jumps and he often avoids all bears .
 some dogs sit until all bears by some bears never hear some happy humans by them .
 they often see some hungry humans near all sad humans but some happy humans seldom avoid the human .
 all dogs never jump .
 a dog avoids him while a happy human runs .
 some sad bears hear him while the hungry dog runs .
 some bears with a hungry human often run and she jumps .
 it often hears them .
 all happy humans hear a sad dog beside a sad bear .
 it sees it .
 a human often runs and the happy dog always jumps .
 they hear him .
 the bear always sits until some sad humans often follow them .
 some sad humans always speak until some dogs always see them .
 all dogs often see the sad dog .
 all hungry dogs with a sad dog never run until all sad humans always hear all humans .
 it avoids them .
 a sad human jumps .
 a human by some bears sees some hungry bears while the human seldom avoids the bear .
 the hungry bear with the hungry dog seldom hears a human while a happy human near some hungry bears seldom runs .
 he hears some humans and a sad human hears her .
 all bears jump .
 all sad humans often hear some bears .
 he often runs but some happy bears by a sad bear sit .
 all sad bears seldom run and all humans follow some happy bears near some humans .
 it always speaks while the human seldom avoids the human .
 a dog often speaks until all dogs never run .
 they avoid them .
 a hungry bear near some humans sits but she always speaks .
 they seldom hear the happy human until a dog sees some dogs .
 all hungry bears by them sit and they speak .
 they seldom hear it .
 a dog hears the bear by her until a dog speaks .
 the happy human seldom follows a dog while the sad dog never speaks .
 some happy bears never run while he often sees the happy dog .
 all humans see them .
 the bear by some sad dogs speaks while they speak .
 some humans see all happy bears .
 some sad dogs beside a human seldom speak .
 they often run until all sad dogs hear the dog .
 they always avoid all sad bears beside them while she jumps .
 they avoid a dog but a human by all humans always sits .
 all bears beside the bear seldom see him while all hungry dogs with the dog follow them .
 the happy dog near some hungry dogs hears some sad humans by some hungry dogs .
 she jumps .
 a happy dog beside all hungry humans never speaks .
 they see the sad dog until the dog jumps .
 some sad bears always avoid all dogs near the human .
 a human runs while the human sits .
 all bears follow all hungry bears beside a dog .
 it never sees some humans .
 she seldom sits .
 they seldom hear some sad humans until they never follow a sad bear .
 the dog often sits .
 some bears by all sad bears jump .
 they run until they sit .
 the bear beside all bears often speaks .
 a dog beside a dog jumps while it hears all humans with them .
 a hungry bear by some humans seldom follows the happy bear by all humans until she never avoids them .
 all sad humans never see all dogs by all dogs .
 a hungry human sees her .
 they follow a hungry bear but the sad human speaks .
 all hungry bears by some happy humans avoid it .
 some hungry dogs by some sad humans never hear some hungry dogs beside them .
 the dog sees them .
 the hungry dog beside the sad human always follows all humans until it often hears them .
 they often follow it while some bears jump .
 they sit .
 a sad bear follows him .
 some happy humans run .
 a dog jumps while a bear never sits .
 she follows her until they sit .
 all humans seldom sit .
 they seldom follow some bears .
 a human often sits and a dog never avoids some happy humans beside a happy dog .
 a happy human avoids him .
 they never hear some humans and some dogs never avoid it .
 all dogs with him often hear the dog .
 he always hears them while she never jumps .
 they speak and they seldom hear some sad humans with her .
 she hears the happy dog while all happy bears by a sad dog never jump .
 a bear near a bear often speaks until some happy dogs jump .
 a bear near a human sits .
 they often see the happy bear .
 a hungry bear with a dog never jumps .
 some bears near all dogs often speak but some dogs seldom speak .
 a happy dog near a hungry bear hears the happy dog and they run .
 they often sit until a happy bear near the dog seldom jumps .
 all humans near him sit and the happy bear follows her .
 some sad dogs always hear some dogs beside it .
 it always jumps while a bear near all hungry dogs hears them .
 they speak but they always speak .
 all sad bears beside the dog seldom avoid a hungry dog but some hungry dogs often see them .
 some bears speak until she follows some humans .
 all dogs often sit until it runs .
 the hungry human often follows them until the sad human often sees the bear .
 it always runs while some hungry humans always avoid some humans beside her .
 she sees it .
 a hungry bear never speaks .
 a sad human near a hungry bear speaks while she always sits .
 he always follows some dogs but a sad dog beside them sees them .
 a human near the dog runs but the hungry bear near her runs .
 all happy bears often hear some humans and they never hear the dog .
 a hungry bear beside the sad bear avoids them .
 she follows all happy humans near some happy bears .
 a human hears all sad bears .
 he never jumps .
 some hungry dogs speak and a human near the bear never hears them .
 the dog always sits .
 they never jump until they never run .
 they avoid it .
 some sad humans speak .
 they see him until they never see all hungry dogs .
 a human runs .
 he seldom runs .
 she never sees some bears but the hungry human seldom sits .
 some sad bears avoid a happy dog beside the dog but some happy humans with all happy bears always run .
 they follow a sad human beside the hungry bear .
 they often speak .
 they often run but the sad bear with a sad dog runs .
 a bear hears some bears but he often runs .
 all sad bears always avoid her .
 a happy human always avoids a dog and a dog never sees him .
 a bear often follows all happy humans with a dog but a bear runs .
 the human follows all hungry dogs by some bears until all humans follow some hungry dogs .
 all hungry bears by him often sit while a sad bear near them often jumps .
 all dogs jump and a sad human seldom avoids some happy humans with some happy dogs .
 all happy dogs seldom sit until a sad bear by some hungry humans seldom jumps .
 a hungry human hears all humans while some happy bears sit .
 she always follows the bear beside all hungry humans but she hears all bears with her .
 they often see all dogs until she never runs .
 some happy bears often run until she seldom follows them .
 all bears see her .
 it never runs .
 a hungry human often sees all humans by him .
 some humans beside a sad dog always follow a sad human .
 all hungry dogs beside a dog seldom hear them .
 it jumps and she speaks .
 all humans speak .
 all hungry humans seldom hear her but they speak .
 all bears always avoid the bear by all sad humans .
 he seldom runs .
 a human seldom sees all sad bears but some hungry bears always sit .
 some dogs hear a sad human .
 all dogs often avoid some dogs beside them .
 she sees some bears by the bear .
 the sad bear jumps .
 they never sit .
 it runs .
 all humans avoid it while a hungry human often jumps .
 a hungry dog seldom avoids a bear near him but she seldom speaks .
 all hungry dogs seldom avoid the happy bear but they see a bear .
 she sits and a happy human seldom follows all sad humans .
 she jumps .
 all bears often sit .
 all bears avoid her and all hungry dogs near some dogs run .
 he sits and some happy bears sit .
 she always speaks until all hungry humans speak .
 all sad bears often run .
 all bears hear the hungry human .
 all dogs follow a bear .
 some hungry bears jump but all sad dogs seldom jump .
 they see the bear near some humans .
 they jump while he always speaks .
 the happy human with her sits until all dogs often jump .
 all humans beside all bears seldom hear her until they see them .
 all sad humans with all sad humans always see him .
 some bears speak while all happy dogs by all happy humans never hear all sad humans .
 the hungry human by all happy dogs often sees him .
 all bears always avoid her .
 some bears often speak but a hungry bear never speaks .
 some humans see some happy humans and a hungry human near a human speaks .
 they speak .
 the dog always hears them .
 all sad bears follow a sad human .
 some dogs see some hungry humans and a sad dog avoids the bear .
 it follows the bear .
 they run but the sad dog sees all happy humans .
 some humans never hear it .
 the dog often follows a sad dog .
 a dog sees some humans beside all happy humans until a happy bear always runs .
 they see them and she always hears the hungry dog .
 all bears often hear him until a sad bear often runs .
 all hungry bears often jump until the human often follows some hungry bears .
 the hungry dog beside them always avoids him .
 a human hears some bears beside all happy dogs .
 he often sees it .
 they hear the dog but they never sit .
 some humans seldom run and they never see the dog by it .
 all hungry humans seldom run .
 all sad humans avoid some dogs and a human sees all humans .
 he always sees him and the happy bear speaks .
 some sad humans follow all happy humans .
 he seldom avoids it .
 a happy human speaks while it always runs .
 all bears never run while all bears always sit .
 it jumps but a human sees some happy humans .
 they often hear them .
 a dog sits .
 it always runs .
 a sad bear sits .
 they seldom jump .
 it often hears the hungry bear .
 all sad humans seldom see it until the dog by all dogs speaks .
 the sad bear always speaks until a sad dog sees them .
 the human beside all bears hears all sad dogs with a hungry bear and it seldom avoids the dog with all dogs .
 the dog by a human sees her .
 the human sits but all happy humans beside it often run .
 a happy bear seldom hears all bears until she hears some humans near all humans .
 a human near a human sits and a dog often hears all dogs .
 they seldom run .
 they often run until they always speak .
 all humans by a bear often speak .
 it follows some happy dogs but a bear hears them .
 the human sees a happy dog while they never jump .
 the hungry bear near the happy human always jumps and some humans never avoid all hungry dogs with a bear .
 the human always runs until the bear jumps .
 all hungry dogs see some dogs beside some sad dogs while some dogs beside a dog see them .
 the hungry dog by some bears hears him .
 he seldom speaks and they often avoid the bear with all happy dogs .
 some hungry humans hear all dogs until some humans sit .
 it runs .
 she sits while a happy bear seldom hears some hungry bears .
 they speak .
 all sad dogs often speak but they often speak .
 she hears a human .
 a happy bear sees the dog near the dog and some dogs near some bears jump .
 she sees a human .
 a dog never jumps .
 it sees her .
 a hungry bear seldom follows them .
 all happy humans beside them jump .
 it always sits but all happy humans follow the happy dog .
 all sad bears run until some sad dogs often hear all sad bears .
 all bears by them run .
 he sees the hungry human .
 a sad human with them sees them but all sad bears see all dogs near them .
 it never sits .
 all humans with all humans never jump but they run .
 he always speaks .
 she always avoids a bear by it while it always avoids him .
 all happy dogs always see some hungry humans near him while he never hears a dog .
 he sees her but some happy humans by all bears never speak .
 all bears sit .
 they often avoid the dog but some sad humans see them .
 they speak .
 all bears see them while they always run .
 they follow it and the sad bear by her always avoids the happy dog .
 they sit .
 a hungry bear always runs but they never jump .
 she often hears all humans beside him .
 the sad human never jumps and they seldom sit .
 a human by him speaks .
 all humans seldom see some hungry bears .
 the human runs until the happy bear near all dogs never hears all bears .
 they seldom see some sad dogs .
 all bears by all hungry humans jump .
 some hungry humans seldom speak .
 some bears hear her but a dog never jumps .
 they avoid all humans near all humans and the happy bear never hears him .
 some dogs never follow the hungry human until all bears jump .
 all hungry humans with some happy bears always hear all humans .
 the happy human beside them often follows all humans by all sad bears while all humans always follow some happy dogs near him .
 a dog by the dog runs until a dog often follows her .
 she avoids all happy dogs and all hungry bears beside all happy humans often run .
 he jumps while the happy dog beside them hears the dog .
 all humans never avoid some bears .
 the happy dog seldom sees a bear with all dogs .
 they never avoid all dogs while they never sit .
 all hungry bears near a bear always speak and they never avoid it .
 the dog always sees the human .
 she follows them and some sad bears beside a hungry human never follow them .
 they hear them .
 the dog near all sad bears always avoids him .
 the hungry dog with some happy dogs often jumps while some happy dogs hear all hungry dogs beside them .
 they never run .
 the human with them sits .
 all happy dogs with him sit and all hungry humans see the sad dog with the hungry bear .
 some humans run .
 a human avoids them .
 they often run .
 all happy bears never hear all happy dogs .
 he often avoids her .
 they hear it .
 a happy human sees all happy dogs .
 they always avoid all bears by all sad humans and they never see some humans .
 the dog avoids them and a dog with all humans jumps .
 they follow some dogs near them while all happy dogs speak .
 all dogs near her speak .
 all bears by a bear seldom hear the happy bear but the human often hears some sad humans .
 some humans follow the sad dog .
 all hungry bears beside all bears hear all humans but all dogs never hear some humans .
 a hungry dog near them seldom follows all hungry dogs beside a hungry bear .
 a bear always sits but the bear sits .
 he often hears him but all humans follow a bear by a dog .
 a hungry bear never runs .
 some hungry humans follow the happy human near a hungry human until some humans by some happy dogs avoid her .
 they run and they often speak .
 some humans follow them and a bear never speaks .
 a sad bear often hears some hungry humans .
 some bears see him and he follows all hungry humans by the happy dog .
 she runs .
 they never see the sad bear with some happy humans .
 they seldom sit .
 some happy dogs seldom speak .
 the bear often avoids some happy bears and a hungry human sees them .
 the bear never avoids all humans .
 they never hear him and all happy humans often avoid some hungry humans .
 they always sit .
 he jumps and all sad bears often sit .
 some humans avoid her .
 the hungry bear with a human sits .
 he always runs but they hear him .
 some hungry bears by some bears often see the bear but the sad human often sits .
 a human by some humans speaks .
 all humans always see them and all humans with them seldom see him .
 some hungry dogs with a human seldom see a happy bear and some dogs run .
 a human always avoids some sad bears .
 they seldom avoid the happy bear until all happy dogs run .
 all dogs often avoid the sad bear while they never follow them .
 they run and a human near them sees her .
 they avoid all sad humans with a bear .
 all happy humans by them often hear it .
 some dogs seldom speak until a dog sits .
 they jump until some hungry bears often run .
 they seldom hear them .
 a dog sits .
 a bear by her jumps but a sad human never sees some dogs .
 some happy humans with it never run while it follows a human .
 they run .
 some happy humans by a bear seldom run while she always sits .
 a hungry human always sits .
 some happy bears hear them until the dog beside some hungry bears often sees a happy dog beside some sad humans .
 they hear them while all happy humans often speak .
 a sad bear seldom runs until a bear never avoids them .
 some sad humans with the bear often speak but they often avoid them .
 it follows them and the hungry dog always sits .
 a bear by some humans always sees all dogs .
 some sad bears near all dogs follow some hungry dogs near some hungry bears .
 the happy bear avoids all sad humans by a happy dog .
 all sad bears with some hungry humans follow the bear until all hungry dogs sit .
 it never follows a hungry dog but some humans often avoid them .
 all humans follow them .
 they hear all dogs .
 a hungry dog by them seldom runs and they jump .
 a bear beside the bear speaks .
 the happy bear never hears all humans .
 all hungry humans seldom avoid a dog near them .
 a hungry human often avoids the dog while a hungry human seldom hears them .
 a dog with all hungry humans often follows some sad dogs .
 it seldom jumps .
 the dog seldom avoids a hungry bear by them and they sit .
 all happy bears follow some happy humans by her .
 some dogs near them hear some dogs .
 all humans avoid them but all happy humans always jump .
 some humans seldom jump .
 the human beside her seldom runs but a sad bear beside them sits .
 some hungry dogs seldom run until some dogs never speak .
 they avoid him until they sit .
 some sad humans beside it seldom follow all humans while they sit .
 it hears a sad human by them .
 some hungry bears beside some humans sit while some bears always speak .
 it always hears him but a happy dog sits .
 the happy dog with some humans follows the happy dog beside a hungry human .
 a sad dog sees a bear until the dog seldom follows them .
 the hungry human beside them never sees her while a human follows the human .
 all hungry bears never avoid the bear beside him .
 they avoid all dogs beside them while he sits .
 she jumps .
 some sad dogs by a sad human sit while all humans always sit .
 a human always jumps .
 the happy human avoids him .
 all happy bears seldom run .
 the hungry bear sees a dog .
 a human beside a sad human always avoids all bears and some happy humans follow the happy bear .
 she sits but the sad human avoids the human .
 all bears by a dog never avoid a bear .
 he always sits .
 some humans beside some hungry dogs often speak .
 a human hears a happy dog .
 she jumps until they jump .
 a happy bear beside some humans often speaks but some dogs jump .
 they hear him and it seldom sits .
 the human never jumps but a bear always speaks .
 a dog never hears them .
 the bear near a human follows some humans .
 some hungry humans jump .
 all sad dogs beside all happy humans follow all dogs until they hear a happy bear .
 she follows some sad humans and some bears follow the dog .
 he never hears them until she avoids a sad dog .
 a happy bear never avoids them .
 they speak but the dog by some humans never speaks .
 all bears often hear the hungry human while the sad bear hears them .
 all happy bears beside all happy bears hear a human by them .
 the happy human never follows the dog beside some sad dogs until it seldom speaks .
 they often jump .
 they always follow them .
 she always sees some dogs until the bear beside them sees him .
 they always follow him .
 a human seldom avoids a sad bear and they hear some hungry humans near the sad human .
 she never avoids it while some sad bears beside her run .
 some dogs seldom avoid the hungry dog until some sad humans avoid them .
 all sad humans speak .
 a hungry dog follows all happy dogs beside a hungry bear until some sad humans by some happy humans jump .
 they speak .
 they always see them .
 she never runs while all hungry humans always avoid the bear beside them .
 the dog follows them but some sad humans follow the bear beside it .
 a human beside her speaks .
 all hungry dogs often hear some humans beside all sad bears .
 they hear them and a dog avoids all happy humans .
 all dogs often follow all humans with the happy dog .
 it hears it but a happy human jumps .
 a dog beside all humans often sees all humans .
 it avoids all humans and some bears beside all happy humans seldom see them .
 they never hear all hungry bears near them .
 some humans beside a happy dog hear the human until all humans never sit .
 a hungry dog never runs .
 he often avoids a bear .
 a hungry dog sits .
 a hungry bear often sits .
 the bear beside a bear hears a hungry bear but they avoid some bears .
 some hungry humans always follow them while it speaks .
 the sad dog runs until some sad dogs often follow them .
 all sad bears seldom sit while a human never jumps .
 some bears with them follow some sad bears .
 a bear often sits while some humans follow a human .
 all dogs always run until all sad bears often speak .
 they sit until the bear with her avoids him .
 he follows some hungry dogs until some happy humans avoid some sad dogs .
 all bears always run while they often jump .
 the hungry human hears them but a bear always runs .
 some bears often sit .
 the human always jumps while the bear hears them .
 a sad bear speaks .
 some sad humans near them sit .
 he always sees them .
 the hungry dog follows some happy dogs with a happy human .
 he sits .
 the happy dog by him follows all hungry dogs while some humans never avoid some humans .
 they often sit .
 she always hears them while a human with all happy bears sits .
 a human never runs .
 she seldom jumps .
 some humans near them often hear them until it always runs .
 the hungry dog seldom speaks .
 all sad dogs hear some humans and he always sees some dogs beside some humans .
 some sad dogs by her never run and a sad dog often hears a happy human by her .
 all happy dogs always see all dogs but a happy bear speaks .
 some sad humans never run while they never sit .
 some sad dogs near them run until the sad dog sits .
 a hungry dog by them often jumps and all dogs never avoid it .
 they sit .
 she hears a human .
 all dogs with all dogs hear all dogs .
 the dog sits .
 a hungry bear sees them .
 a happy human sees all hungry dogs until some happy bears near some bears run .
 all humans sit .
 some bears seldom jump but they see all sad humans .
 he speaks .
 they often avoid them but the human runs .
 all humans beside all happy dogs speak while all humans near them jump .
 it always jumps .
 a happy bear speaks and some dogs beside the bear run .
 all sad humans beside some hungry dogs always sit but they always follow the hungry bear .
 all hungry bears by some hungry dogs follow him and a human often sits .
 the human speaks .
 a bear runs until the bear avoids them .
 some happy dogs never speak .
 she never hears a happy dog with all hungry humans while she always runs .
 all humans seldom jump .
 they always avoid a bear while some humans with all bears sit .
 it seldom hears all humans but the happy human avoids a human .
 all happy bears follow a bear but all humans beside some happy humans never speak .
 they never hear all happy humans with the happy dog .
 the dog often sees all hungry humans .
 all bears by all sad humans often avoid some bears .
 the bear seldom hears them and it never jumps .
 he avoids some happy dogs beside a dog until a dog by a hungry bear avoids the hungry bear beside it .
 the bear beside them always speaks .
 a human often jumps .
 all bears often run .
 some bears seldom see the bear .
 they often run .
 all sad humans jump while some bears sit .
 they jump .
 they seldom avoid them and a human runs .
 some sad dogs never speak while a sad dog seldom speaks .
 some happy humans by them seldom sit .
 some bears see all hungry dogs beside them .
 all dogs never speak until a bear sits .
 all dogs always speak .
 the hungry human jumps .
 a hungry human with some dogs jumps and all bears by all humans always avoid all sad bears near him .
 she never sits .
 a happy bear by the human hears some hungry humans .
 a dog avoids her .
 they often sit .
 a happy human near all dogs seldom runs .
 all sad humans hear some happy bears .
 they run while they run .
 some humans often see the sad bear by them .
 all bears with some hungry humans avoid it .
 a bear beside them always avoids all sad dogs and the hungry dog always follows them .
 some hungry humans beside the human often sit .
 the hungry human hears some hungry dogs until all humans often avoid them .
 the happy bear beside it follows some happy dogs .
 the human with some bears hears all bears .
 all happy humans never avoid some dogs by some bears and all hungry humans speak .
 some humans see some humans .
 all happy bears avoid them .
 a sad human avoids the sad bear near all hungry dogs while some hungry dogs seldom hear some hungry humans with a hungry bear .
 the bear speaks .
 all bears seldom run but she runs .
 all happy humans by a hungry dog hear them .
 a human sees some bears .
 the dog hears some hungry bears and all sad humans avoid a dog by all happy bears .
 it sits until they speak .
 they never see him until all hungry humans never hear all humans .
 they seldom speak .
 all dogs by some bears always see a sad bear near some sad bears .
 all bears near all humans follow all bears and he speaks .
 it often jumps .
 some humans beside some hungry dogs speak .
 they sit .
 all hungry humans always hear the hungry human and all dogs with all humans jump .
 they speak while they often see them .
 the sad dog often runs and they seldom follow some humans .
 they follow some happy dogs beside a human but some happy bears beside them never see the bear .
 some hungry humans often avoid all bears beside it .
 the dog follows some dogs near them .
 some dogs avoid the bear .
 she jumps until the hungry bear seldom hears some happy dogs beside them .
 some dogs by the bear seldom speak while all sad dogs with a human run .
 she seldom runs .
 a bear jumps until she always sits .
 some sad dogs by the bear follow all hungry bears .
 all humans beside them sit but they often follow the sad bear .
 a human near them seldom sits .
 the sad bear always hears all sad humans until all bears near some dogs sit .
 a sad bear by her always follows them .
 they always avoid the hungry bear but a happy human near him often hears some bears .
 they sit .
 they often see them .
 a sad human sees them until a sad dog often follows a human beside the hungry bear .
 some dogs hear the hungry dog .
 all bears by some sad humans always hear a happy dog .
 the sad human sits .
 the dog often runs but it always sees the bear .
 all dogs by some dogs never follow it but some dogs often hear a sad bear by the dog .
 the happy human often jumps .
 the hungry bear hears some happy bears by a dog and some humans often see some sad humans .
 they sit .
 some sad bears beside all humans often avoid a dog with some happy dogs .
 some bears follow them while the happy dog hears all sad bears .
 a dog runs and the bear hears the happy dog with her .
 all hungry bears sit until all humans near him always hear a human .
 they always run .
 all humans beside all bears never see all sad dogs near them until they often hear them .
 he hears a hungry dog beside a bear .
 some hungry humans avoid some bears beside her .
 some bears never hear it while she often sees some dogs .
 a hungry bear often sees them until some bears often see some bears .
 all bears near the dog always follow a dog .
 the human near her often jumps .
 it never sees all happy humans beside the bear .
 it sits but they jump .
 the sad dog by them speaks and a bear seldom sits .
 they always run until a sad bear hears a human by them .
 all hungry dogs speak .
 a bear near all dogs always hears some hungry dogs beside a bear .
 the dog beside the bear always runs .
 they hear all sad bears until a sad bear never runs .
 it seldom speaks .
 they seldom follow the happy bear but some humans speak .
 she sits but the dog with him seldom avoids some humans .
 the happy human beside some humans often jumps and some happy dogs never sit .
 the bear jumps but all happy humans never avoid a happy bear .
 all sad humans follow some bears .
 they speak .
 the bear jumps .
 they speak but a happy human sits .
 they always speak while some dogs often see some happy bears .
 they often sit .
 the human sits .
 a bear by all hungry bears sits and he always sees them .
 all humans near a hungry human seldom sit and some dogs hear them .
 she always sits while a hungry human never runs .
 they always follow the happy bear while a hungry bear always runs .
 they see all humans .
 all dogs beside some dogs see all sad bears while a sad human beside him follows some happy humans .
 they jump while she seldom avoids them .
 he avoids some happy bears but some dogs often sit .
 they jump .
 a human often follows all happy humans but they always follow all dogs .
 a dog sits .
 a sad bear avoids them while all dogs jump .
 they never jump .
 they often see the bear and a bear avoids a human beside some hungry dogs .
 a dog near him speaks until the bear hears her .
 all humans often speak while she seldom follows the sad bear beside the sad bear .
 they seldom jump .
 all hungry dogs sit and they always sit .
 a sad human follows all bears near a bear until a dog runs .
 a happy dog near some hungry dogs never sits .
 the bear by the human always hears her and all dogs by all happy dogs seldom sit .
 all sad humans with it always avoid all sad bears .
 they seldom follow them and they never sit .
 all humans follow it while some hungry dogs often sit .
 all bears by a dog always speak .
 the dog never follows him .
 all happy dogs speak .
 the hungry dog jumps .
 they always follow some dogs while he seldom jumps .
 a hungry dog sits but some humans avoid it .
 the hungry human beside all bears follows the happy human by some hungry humans and some happy bears jump .
 all sad dogs often avoid them .
 some dogs often sit and it avoids all hungry bears .
 they hear some sad dogs until the hungry dog sees all dogs near them .
 it often follows her and all sad dogs by a sad dog run .
 they hear them .
 the human always speaks but she often sits .
 a human never speaks .
 it sees them .
 he never sees it .
 he always speaks but they follow all sad humans .
 they run while the dog seldom hears the happy bear .
 it sees all happy humans .
 some bears always follow all humans while a happy bear sits .
 some sad bears with some happy bears never see some humans .
 a human never follows all bears but the hungry bear near the hungry human speaks .
 a happy bear always avoids a hungry human near all sad humans while the sad human with him often avoids all happy dogs .
 a bear always sees some sad dogs .
 all happy humans follow them but some happy bears near some bears avoid them .
 they often hear the dog with a hungry dog and she always runs .
 a human never runs .
 some happy humans with them never avoid them .
 they seldom see them and they speak .
 they jump .
 all bears see a hungry dog beside the hungry bear .
 a dog never sits .
 it jumps and a sad dog runs .
 all dogs by some happy dogs often follow her .
 all hungry humans by the dog run .
 they never speak and a human never speaks .
 a bear jumps while all hungry humans by some hungry dogs sit .
 she jumps .
 all hungry dogs seldom avoid a bear .
 they speak .
 the hungry bear avoids some hungry humans .
 some happy humans run .
 a sad bear often sees them until some sad dogs never see some happy dogs .
 the happy bear seldom hears them .
 all bears never see all sad dogs while they often sit .
 all sad humans follow some hungry humans by a happy bear while the sad human jumps .
 the sad dog near some bears sits .
 some happy bears by a dog sit .
 they follow them but some dogs speak .
 it seldom speaks while the bear hears some hungry dogs with the happy dog .
 all hungry dogs see a sad dog beside some bears but all dogs seldom sit .
 it never avoids the sad dog .
 the bear seldom speaks until some sad dogs sit .
 it never sits .
 all sad humans jump .
 some humans run .
 some sad humans by it jump .
 the bear sees them and the human by all happy dogs often avoids a bear near some bears .
 all hungry bears sit .
 all happy dogs near all hungry bears speak but all sad humans beside him often jump .
 all sad bears beside the dog seldom speak but a human near all humans never hears them .
 all dogs follow all hungry humans while they hear her .
 all happy humans near them always avoid some happy humans beside all hungry dogs while all dogs follow the sad bear with them .
 a human near the sad bear often sees all happy dogs with a happy dog .
 they often avoid some bears beside the hungry dog .
 some sad dogs avoid a bear and he sits .
 some happy dogs seldom sit until a bear speaks .
 it follows the happy dog beside him and some humans never sit .
 the happy dog never sits and all sad bears never see some happy dogs .
 she sits .
 it avoids some hungry bears beside some dogs and some happy dogs never hear them .
 the hungry bear always jumps until some sad dogs always speak .
 the human seldom runs .
 a dog with him follows all happy dogs near all happy humans .
 they never see some happy humans with some sad dogs .
 a hungry bear hears them until he sits .
 some dogs with all hungry bears sit while the sad dog by a dog sees her .
 all happy bears hear all bears .
 some happy humans beside all humans seldom see the human with a hungry human while some humans jump .
 the dog near a bear sits .
 the dog near all bears avoids a hungry human .
 a bear by a sad dog runs and some humans beside them always avoid them .
 all humans speak .
 it always sees them until the hungry bear seldom avoids some sad bears .
 the human beside her always sees a bear until all dogs run .
 they never jump .
 some bears run .
 the hungry bear sits .
 the hungry bear sees it .
 all humans never hear the sad dog while all happy dogs beside her hear some hungry bears beside a happy bear .
 the bear with some sad bears never avoids some dogs until some dogs often hear them .
 some sad humans jump .
 all happy dogs run .
 some dogs with him speak and some dogs never see a human by some humans .
 all bears speak but all humans jump .
 she always avoids him until some humans near a human never jump .
 she sits .
 he seldom avoids him and he never hears a human .
 all hungry dogs hear them but all humans see all humans beside a happy bear .
 some dogs never sit until they jump .
 some happy dogs near them seldom sit .
 a dog with them never follows a happy bear .
 they hear all humans and some humans beside them speak .
 the dog never runs .
 a human sits .
 a human avoids them .
 a bear often follows the human .
 a dog never sits .
 all hungry dogs see the dog but he never follows some bears .
 all humans follow a bear beside all sad bears until the happy human hears all sad bears .
 the happy human sees them until all hungry dogs run .
 the happy bear sees them until all happy humans hear a sad bear .
 some sad bears hear a bear .
 a dog never follows the hungry human .
 a sad dog avoids some dogs near it .
 some hungry bears seldom hear her .
 the hungry human runs but all humans often follow a hungry dog .
 they see it .
 a sad human with some hungry humans always jumps .
 a bear with a sad dog follows them until all hungry dogs always jump .
 all happy bears with a happy bear never run .
 a sad human often speaks .
 the sad dog never speaks .
 it sees her .
 all humans always hear him .
 some sad humans seldom jump .
 the bear runs .
 the bear seldom sees her .
 all happy dogs sit .
 they always speak and a dog beside them seldom follows a human .
 a sad dog by a sad dog sees a hungry dog .
 the human sits .
 she hears some dogs .
 all sad bears near a sad dog seldom run .
 some sad bears hear some sad bears by him while some humans follow some happy humans .
 a hungry bear near a hungry bear always sits .
 a happy bear near it sees them until all dogs by some bears follow some bears with all hungry bears .
 it sits and they never avoid some sad dogs near them .
 some happy dogs never run .
 a human always speaks .
 all hungry bears near some bears avoid them .
 all sad humans by a hungry bear speak until all sad humans never avoid some hungry dogs .
 they sit while the sad dog near some humans jumps .
 all hungry bears seldom run and they always follow the hungry human beside all humans .
 they always follow a bear until a hungry bear jumps .
 the sad bear hears a hungry dog but a bear hears all sad bears .
 a sad bear runs .
 the happy bear by it speaks .
 a human often sits .
 she often speaks .
 a human by them sees a dog and she seldom avoids the happy bear beside a dog .
 the dog seldom follows him .
 a sad dog sees the bear .
 all happy humans jump while some happy humans never speak .
 some bears near a sad bear always speak but some sad dogs seldom avoid them .
 she sees them .
 a bear by them runs .
 a dog never sees them until some hungry humans with the dog speak .
 the human never jumps .
 they follow her .
 some humans follow some humans beside them and they speak .
 some bears seldom jump until some bears with them run .
 a human always sees some dogs by some sad humans until the human by the sad human never hears some happy dogs .
 a bear seldom sees the dog while all dogs follow them .
 the sad dog never hears all happy bears .
 some happy bears follow them but a hungry human by the dog often jumps .
 it often jumps .
 they always follow some hungry bears and the human by some bears runs .
 all dogs by a dog avoid a bear and some sad humans seldom speak .
 he never runs .
 they always sit .
 they speak and the dog beside him always hears a bear .
 the bear runs while she avoids a bear near them .
 all dogs follow the dog .
 the sad human near all humans never follows her .
 a happy bear with him jumps while they sit .
 they seldom see it until they seldom see all dogs near a sad human .
 a happy human often runs while some bears jump .
 a happy bear often avoids her until some sad humans seldom speak .
 he speaks and the sad human always sits .
 a sad human beside the human often jumps until a dog near the sad dog never speaks .
 it runs .
 a human seldom jumps .
 the bear often sees all bears .
 some bears by them avoid the sad human beside them until a sad bear sits .
 a human runs but they jump .
 she sees a human and a human often runs .
 a sad bear follows the sad human by all humans and he runs .
 the dog beside the sad bear always hears all dogs until the hungry dog with the sad dog sits .
 they always hear a hungry human near some bears .
 a sad dog runs until they sit .
 a human near them avoids a sad dog and all bears seldom jump .
 she sits .
 the human near them always sees them and the dog always sits .
 he seldom sees the dog with all sad humans and the human hears a bear .
 all dogs always see the hungry human near a dog but they follow all humans .
 they follow them .
 they always run .
 the hungry human sits while the dog seldom avoids them .
 she often hears all bears near her and some dogs beside a human run .
 the hungry dog by all dogs follows the bear .
 they run while some bears see some sad dogs beside the dog .
 they run .
 all dogs often sit .
 all happy dogs often speak until all humans with the hungry dog often follow her .
 a happy dog always speaks until she speaks .
 she hears some dogs near some humans until all sad humans sit .
 some happy humans with all bears always jump .
 they never sit but they speak .
 the human beside them always sees them and the bear with a dog follows all dogs .
 a hungry bear by all happy bears seldom hears a hungry dog while the sad bear speaks .
 a happy dog runs .
 a bear runs .
 all sad dogs jump .
 a bear by them speaks until the human seldom avoids a dog beside them .
 all dogs seldom avoid him .
 the dog near some hungry bears hears her and they often hear the dog .
 some humans sit and a dog near them always avoids all sad dogs .
 all sad dogs jump and some humans with the dog jump .
 she never follows all bears and they often speak .
 a human never sits while it seldom avoids a dog near some dogs .
 some bears follow it until a dog beside some hungry humans never jumps .
 all bears with the dog seldom sit .
 the sad human with the hungry bear always speaks while a happy bear with a hungry dog never speaks .
 some hungry dogs hear them until they never run .
 all bears always sit but some happy dogs speak .
 it seldom follows them while the dog hears him .
 the dog sees the human and she never follows some bears with it .
 they never sit .
 they often run while a human sits .
 a dog with a happy bear runs .
 they hear a happy human with them .
 it follows some humans beside the happy human .
 all humans beside some hungry humans never see all happy dogs and they see them .
 a bear sits while a bear speaks .
 some humans near them never jump but they sit .
 it jumps while a dog near him never follows some happy dogs .
 a dog always runs .
 the bear speaks until it seldom sits .
 the hungry human runs .
 all humans avoid all hungry bears until she sees all sad dogs by her .
 some hungry dogs with a dog always follow it but all humans jump .
 they see all sad dogs but all humans seldom jump .
 a human near some happy humans avoids the sad human .
 they speak .
 the human with them jumps .
 some happy dogs hear the happy dog by a hungry bear .
 it always jumps and a sad human runs .
 some sad dogs by all sad bears jump and a human runs .
 he avoids a sad bear until they jump .
 they avoid the dog but some bears often see a sad human .
 they always speak .
 some dogs never jump but some hungry humans beside all happy bears always speak .
 some happy dogs beside him always sit and all bears often sit .
 they often jump .
 it speaks .
 some hungry humans avoid some dogs .
 the human runs .
 a human near them speaks while the dog often avoids a bear .
 all hungry bears always avoid all dogs until the sad bear beside some bears often jumps .
 some sad humans avoid them .
 a human beside all sad bears often avoids some bears .
 a dog sees a hungry dog but some happy bears hear the bear near some humans .
 a human sees all dogs until they always avoid them .
 they seldom jump but they see the bear .
 he runs while it often runs .
 all bears avoid a dog beside the sad human .
 a dog speaks but she hears the hungry human .
 all dogs near her sit and all bears often speak .
 some dogs avoid some humans but it often sits .
 a bear seldom avoids all dogs while a sad dog avoids all happy humans .
 they often avoid it .
 the dog hears her .
 the dog sits and a dog always speaks .
 a sad dog by her jumps while some dogs follow the happy human with all happy bears .
 the human often sits but the bear sees a hungry bear .
 a hungry human always hears all sad humans .
 some happy humans sit .
 the happy human near the sad dog hears them but the dog near all sad dogs hears the sad dog .
 some bears always run .
 he seldom jumps .
 some dogs beside them see the happy human while all bears speak .
 she seldom avoids a hungry human but all sad bears hear them .
 they seldom avoid some happy humans with all bears but it follows all happy humans .
 some sad humans by it seldom hear him until a hungry dog beside a human sits .
 she often sits and they hear all hungry humans with the hungry bear .
 a bear often sits while all dogs seldom avoid some sad bears beside all hungry dogs .
 they run .
 some happy humans near some sad dogs follow some bears near a human .
 some dogs jump .
 it runs .
 some humans by him always avoid them .
 all hungry dogs avoid all bears .
 he often runs .
 they never run .
 they always hear all happy humans beside it .
 she jumps .
 the sad dog never hears it and she runs .
 they run but some sad bears see a sad bear .
 they always see some hungry humans but the human by a sad human sits .
 he often runs .
 all humans beside a sad human never avoid all humans by the human until she never sits .
 a dog never speaks .
 a happy human sees them .
 all hungry dogs near the dog see it until the dog avoids all dogs .
 the dog speaks .
 they see them .
 the bear jumps .
 they follow the happy bear while they always run .
 the dog often sits .
 she follows a dog near it .
 all dogs jump .
 all happy humans seldom run but the sad bear near it often jumps .
 all bears by them hear the hungry human .
 the human never jumps .
 they avoid them .
 she hears it .
 they seldom avoid some hungry humans .
 a human seldom speaks .
 all bears always see some hungry humans and all sad bears beside all sad bears never follow them .
 some bears never see all dogs while a hungry bear by him always jumps .
 some sad dogs by some hungry dogs never run .
 some hungry bears run and some bears speak .
 it never sees a bear .
 the bear sits .
 a bear speaks .
 a bear by it runs .
 it never jumps and he never follows some hungry humans .
 a dog seldom sees them until the happy human never runs .
 she hears it and all bears with a bear sit .
 she never sits and the hungry human jumps .
 they see some bears but the sad human runs .
 the human sees some humans while some hungry bears hear some bears .
 all happy humans seldom speak .
 the sad dog never runs .
 the sad bear never avoids them but some sad humans seldom run .
 he often jumps .
 all bears often jump but some happy bears by the happy human jump .
 the sad human hears a dog .
 the dog with the dog sees a human while some hungry bears always sit .
 all hungry humans see it and some hungry bears often jump .
 they avoid some happy bears near the sad bear while a bear seldom sees some sad bears beside a hungry dog .
 they seldom follow the sad dog .
 all hungry humans always hear a sad human beside some dogs .
 all happy bears run until a happy human always jumps .
 he hears the bear until all happy bears follow a human by some happy humans .
 the sad bear often avoids a bear with all dogs while the sad human sees the human .
 all sad humans follow the human .
 the dog jumps until they run .
 some happy humans jump until it follows the hungry human .
 the hungry bear always sees a bear but all hungry humans with all sad humans follow him .
 they hear all dogs until they run .
 a bear beside the hungry bear always sits until all sad bears never hear all bears near some hungry dogs .
 some hungry humans never sit .
 they never run but a sad bear speaks .
 all sad dogs jump .
 the human never runs and she seldom avoids all sad bears beside all sad dogs .
 the dog often hears the hungry bear while the bear jumps .
 they seldom speak and a hungry human seldom sits .
 the hungry human speaks .
 the bear with them often speaks .
 the sad bear never speaks until it often jumps .
 a happy dog hears a happy dog until some dogs speak .
 the bear never follows some happy bears .
 a happy human speaks but a human always sits .
 it jumps until a human seldom runs .
 some humans always sit but she speaks .
 all humans always jump until all sad dogs near a hungry dog follow the hungry human .
 all bears seldom speak .
 a dog never speaks .
 the hungry human seldom follows the bear with her and some bears never jump .
 they seldom see her .
 all dogs sit .
 they often avoid a happy dog .
 he sees her .
 the bear always avoids them .
 some bears near a human run .
 some hungry humans speak while the dog speaks .
 all bears seldom avoid some sad bears .
 the human never jumps .
 all sad humans by a happy dog sit until all happy dogs by him run .
 a sad human with them never sees some bears with all happy humans .
 some humans beside all dogs see all bears .
 he avoids a hungry bear while a happy human never sits .
 all hungry bears avoid a human .
 it never follows some humans .
 the happy human with a sad bear runs .
 a hungry dog by a bear always hears some bears until it often jumps .
 the dog hears the hungry bear and some bears near some happy dogs seldom hear them .
 all bears by some dogs always hear them .
 they often hear them .
 some dogs run .
 he hears him until some bears never speak .
 they jump .
 he always avoids some dogs .
 a dog often follows some happy humans near the bear while a hungry dog always runs .
 the sad human avoids a bear .
 some hungry dogs seldom speak until the happy human beside a human sits .
 all humans with a hungry dog jump while the human seldom sees it .
 a human near all dogs speaks while the happy bear near the sad bear seldom hears a happy human .
 all humans jump .
 a sad human hears a dog near them .
 he hears some happy bears by them while the hungry bear often speaks .
 a dog never hears them and all bears always follow the hungry bear .
 they follow a happy bear but a happy dog speaks .
 the bear with them runs and they never sit .
 the human always sees her .
 a happy dog avoids her but the bear by a sad dog follows all dogs with all happy humans .
 all dogs speak until a bear speaks .
 all dogs near it always speak until some happy dogs often run .
 they often jump and a dog beside some bears never sees the dog beside them .
 the happy bear sits .
 some dogs never speak .
 all hungry bears near some bears always run .
 they never follow all humans .
 some sad humans near them never see it .
 the dog hears a happy bear but it speaks .
 the dog sees them .
 some bears by all bears see the happy dog .
 some humans always avoid the human while he runs .
 they run .
 a hungry bear near them always follows the bear until all dogs often avoid a human by some happy dogs .
 all dogs never run .
 they speak and he never jumps .
 some bears never speak while the bear never sees it .
 they always follow them .
 the hungry human beside them never hears her .
 the human runs until he seldom speaks .
 a hungry bear jumps .
 they seldom speak .
 a hungry human speaks and a dog with some bears often jumps .
 all sad humans run while a human seldom jumps .
 some happy bears seldom speak .
 all sad humans seldom jump until all sad dogs by a human never see the sad human .
 some humans by her always follow them until all dogs seldom follow a happy human .
 he never avoids some humans .
 the hungry human by all bears jumps and he seldom sits .
 the happy human sees them .
 the hungry bear often hears them and all happy dogs beside the human never speak .
 some hungry dogs see them but they jump .
 a dog speaks .
 all hungry dogs with them follow a bear by them while he avoids the human .
 some happy humans sit and some happy humans follow all bears near all happy bears .
 the bear beside all humans never speaks .
 a happy bear avoids them and a human with some sad humans runs .
 some hungry bears often jump .
 the dog beside him seldom sees all dogs .
 a dog near him hears it while they often follow it .
 the hungry bear often jumps .
 a hungry dog beside a sad human often sits .
 all hungry dogs with them avoid them while he always speaks .
 some humans seldom sit but the sad human follows a human .
 all dogs avoid all sad bears .
 some hungry dogs always jump until she jumps .
 the happy bear always follows all dogs while all dogs follow it .
 they avoid them but they follow them .
 some hungry bears run while the dog avoids all sad bears .
 some happy dogs with them often see the sad dog .
 a sad human often sits .
 the dog follows all sad dogs .
 they seldom hear the human but some dogs never follow him .
 all bears never avoid all bears while the bear by all hungry bears avoids them .
 a hungry dog always jumps and a sad dog beside it sits .
 a sad bear by some sad dogs seldom avoids him until a sad bear near the happy bear runs .
 a human often speaks .
 the sad bear follows all sad humans .
 some sad dogs seldom follow them .
 a hungry bear with him runs .
 a bear jumps and he sits .
 all bears often avoid her while he often hears the happy bear beside some dogs .
 some sad bears beside all humans never avoid some bears .
 it never jumps and it always avoids some sad bears .
 all dogs never speak but all sad bears never run .
 it always speaks but the happy human follows him .
 a happy human with it sees a dog until some happy dogs with a happy bear seldom see them .
 some dogs avoid it .
 all happy dogs with the bear avoid them .
 the hungry bear sees all dogs while the bear follows the hungry dog with him .
 the hungry human sits until the dog beside her follows some humans with them .
 all hungry bears with some humans avoid them and a dog avoids some humans .
 all hungry humans speak .
 the bear near a dog speaks .
 some sad bears often run .
 all dogs with some bears avoid her but the sad dog jumps .
 a dog speaks and the bear beside a dog often sits .
 a happy bear never avoids all hungry humans until all sad bears sit .
 all dogs speak .
 she seldom speaks until a dog by a hungry dog never avoids her .
 he speaks until all bears seldom see the dog .
 all bears beside some dogs always see them but some dogs often speak .
 all hungry humans by a hungry human always sit .
 it runs .
 they always sit but all dogs beside them never run .
 they see all bears but they seldom follow him .
 all hungry dogs always sit .
 all humans near a sad bear run .
 a dog beside some bears always sits and a hungry bear beside some sad dogs hears her .
 she always runs while the human runs .
 all bears beside them seldom jump .
 all hungry dogs avoid her but some humans never see a human beside it .
 all happy dogs seldom avoid them .
 some sad humans by a hungry bear run and the sad human never jumps .
 a bear by all humans follows it and a bear with it sees him .
 some sad dogs seldom jump but a dog runs .
 a dog beside some humans jumps .
 she avoids all happy humans and all humans often run .
 some dogs beside her always run until a hungry bear runs .
 some happy bears hear them while he always speaks .
 a human by all dogs sees them .
 all dogs seldom run while they follow some bears .
 all dogs near some bears follow them .
 the hungry bear seldom follows all hungry humans .
 she seldom avoids the happy dog and a happy bear seldom jumps .
 they speak until a sad human with some dogs runs .
 all sad dogs never speak and some happy dogs sit .
 the hungry bear never jumps and a happy dog by them hears her .
 she avoids it and some bears beside some humans always see a sad human .
 a bear near them always runs .
 it often speaks .
 some dogs hear it .
 some sad bears always speak .
 she sees them while they sit .
 all hungry dogs with the dog run until some humans often avoid them .
 a sad human with it always sits .
 she jumps .
 she seldom sees it and all dogs beside the happy bear never avoid the happy human .
 a human hears all bears and the happy bear by the happy human always sees them .
 a human seldom sees them .
 she seldom avoids all hungry humans .
 a human often avoids a happy human but it follows all happy bears .
 it never hears the hungry bear until they speak .
 they run .
 some happy bears with them seldom speak .
 all happy bears beside all sad bears avoid all dogs near all bears .
 they always avoid the hungry bear .
 a dog sits but some dogs often jump .
 some dogs speak .
 they seldom avoid a dog by her .
 some humans jump .
 some bears by them always hear a human near all sad humans .
 all dogs run until he always sees some bears near all sad dogs .
 some bears near some happy bears often hear all hungry dogs while the human always avoids the sad dog .
 all sad bears never avoid it .
 the hungry human often sits and all sad humans speak .
 some hungry bears follow him but the human sits .
 they run .
 some sad humans near the hungry human sit .
 some bears often see a sad dog while some bears near all happy humans always avoid it .
 all sad bears sit .
 a hungry dog sits and they avoid some hungry dogs with a happy dog .
 they avoid a dog while a happy bear avoids some humans .
 a happy dog seldom sees them until all sad humans hear him .
 the human hears some humans .
 the bear sits but all bears hear all hungry dogs .
 it sees a bear while all sad dogs with all happy humans seldom see some bears .
 the sad bear beside him follows her .
 the sad dog seldom sits .
 he often runs .
 all hungry dogs run and he follows some hungry bears beside a bear .
 all bears beside her always run until all sad dogs speak .
 a dog always speaks until she always jumps .
 some happy bears beside a bear always run .
 a bear sits .
 the human speaks but they hear her .
 all bears always speak but he sits .
 all dogs jump but some dogs by a dog speak .
 all dogs beside all humans often follow it and all sad dogs near a happy dog always run .
 a sad dog sits .
 some humans near it hear a bear .
 some dogs speak but all bears with all hungry dogs sit .
 some happy dogs see her while some bears always avoid some hungry humans with the dog .
 all dogs beside the bear sit .
 she often speaks but some sad dogs often sit .
 the human near them hears it and she never avoids the dog .
 some sad humans jump .
 she jumps while he seldom jumps .
 it often sees them .
 some bears see a bear with some sad dogs but all hungry humans follow all happy humans .
 they run .
 they sit .
 she always runs until they seldom jump .
 some bears with all sad bears often speak .
 the happy bear sees all hungry humans near all humans .
 they never jump and some happy humans sit .
 a human often sits until some humans seldom follow all bears .
 the hungry bear seldom sits .
 they speak but he never hears her .
 some dogs near the human see them while it often sees them .
 all sad bears with some sad dogs always hear the human until the dog seldom jumps .
 some dogs speak .
 they seldom see some sad humans by all humans .
 he always sees him .
 some bears avoid some sad bears by all happy dogs while all dogs seldom follow them .
 it always runs until they speak .
 some humans sit while the bear by a human follows the sad bear with some humans .
 the bear sits until the human seldom sees it .
 a human follows all dogs but a sad bear seldom sees a hungry bear .
 they seldom run .
 the human hears them until they often sit .
 a hungry dog by her avoids all happy bears .
 the sad dog sits but it seldom hears all hungry dogs by her .
 she seldom follows a dog but some sad bears speak .
 it never speaks .
 they often run .
 she never runs until the human always sits .
 she always hears them until he follows the dog .
 some humans seldom hear all dogs .
 she often jumps but the happy human with all dogs jumps .
 all humans often speak but it always hears them .
 all happy dogs often avoid them .
 she speaks while some sad humans with all hungry bears sit .
 some sad dogs always run while all humans sit .
 they avoid some sad bears .
 some sad humans never jump .
 he always runs but they jump .
 the sad bear by all hungry humans often sits but all happy dogs with a dog hear all humans .
 she jumps .
 they seldom avoid him .
 a happy human beside the bear seldom follows them and it jumps .
 all sad dogs run and she speaks .
 some sad bears hear the hungry dog beside a bear .
 all dogs sit and all hungry bears see him .
 the human never speaks and some humans near a dog always see a dog .
 the bear by a bear avoids the hungry human beside some sad dogs .
 some humans beside a happy dog often sit but some dogs always hear a human near some happy humans .
 they always sit .
 all sad dogs sit while all sad bears never sit .
 the dog sees some happy dogs by the sad bear and he often hears some bears .
 a sad bear by her always hears the bear near the sad bear while some dogs follow them .
 some happy bears jump and the hungry human hears all dogs .
 some happy humans see all happy bears but the bear avoids a dog .
 they always avoid him .
 a bear runs but a human never sees them .
 all happy bears follow him .
 they hear a dog beside some happy humans while some hungry bears seldom avoid them .
 all bears beside a dog always see it while the human seldom speaks .
 all hungry bears speak .
 a sad bear with a dog always speaks but they speak .
 a happy bear seldom jumps and a happy dog near the dog hears a bear .
 a dog by the sad human hears the dog .
 some happy bears with some happy humans seldom sit .
 some bears run .
 the happy human seldom jumps .
 she seldom runs .
 they hear her .
 a bear with a happy human avoids them .
 all bears near them never hear them while a hungry dog sees him .
 some humans near a dog often avoid a dog .
 the happy human hears them while a human hears the human .
 they often follow them but they never jump .
 they avoid them .
 they avoid all hungry bears .
 some happy humans hear a bear .
 they always avoid it .
 they never speak .
 it sits while the dog always runs .
 some bears always jump .
 some hungry bears near all humans often see them and they never sit .
 the dog runs .
 they always sit .
 the human near some happy dogs seldom sits .
 it often sits .
 it often runs and the bear never follows them .
 some dogs with all bears often run while he always avoids them .
 all humans by a sad dog seldom jump until some hungry bears sit .
 it never follows the happy human with them but some bears never speak .
 they run .
 a sad human by a sad bear sits but all hungry bears always sit .
 a bear seldom jumps .
 the bear often speaks .
 the hungry bear often jumps until some dogs never follow it .
 the happy bear sees a happy bear .
 all hungry humans sit .
 some hungry humans near them often sit .
 they see a hungry bear .
 all sad humans by a bear often jump until they jump .
 it never speaks .
 a sad bear with a human avoids all happy humans .
 a dog sits but some hungry humans with all bears see them .
 some happy dogs never sit while they often follow them .
 she often follows a dog while all hungry dogs always see all bears .
 some humans never run but the dog seldom avoids the sad human .
 she always speaks .
 she always follows the hungry human beside the hungry bear while the happy bear hears it .
 the happy dog seldom sits until they always follow him .
 they never jump .
 he never hears them .
 they see the hungry human .
 all sad humans beside him sit .
 some sad dogs near the human hear them until some hungry humans by a sad bear sit .
 the hungry bear sits .
 all happy humans hear them .
 they often sit and some humans by some happy humans seldom follow her .
 all hungry bears beside a happy bear avoid the sad human beside them and it seldom avoids some hungry humans .
 a sad human never runs .
 all dogs often speak .
 all happy humans follow a dog .
 they hear them while they always hear the dog .
 the hungry bear hears some dogs beside some sad humans .
 the happy dog often avoids a hungry human beside her .
 a sad dog never sits while some happy bears by all sad dogs always sit .
 some dogs with all sad bears speak .
 they seldom speak .
 all happy bears never follow a sad bear until she often sees a sad human .
 they seldom run .
 they run but the happy human by a hungry human follows a hungry human with it .
 some bears sit until the human near all happy humans seldom speaks .
 the human never runs while all humans beside the happy dog avoid some bears .
 some humans near it sit until all dogs near all hungry bears jump .
 the dog with the human often hears all sad dogs by a happy dog while she hears the bear .
 some humans with a bear never sit .
 some happy humans avoid the human and all hungry bears run .
 some hungry dogs jump but the bear with it speaks .
 he never sees them until a hungry human often follows some sad humans .
 the happy human beside a hungry bear jumps .
 all sad dogs seldom follow all sad dogs .
 a dog by all happy bears follows her until the bear by it often runs .
 they sit .
 some humans never jump but some humans often run .
 all happy bears near a dog seldom avoid some sad dogs beside them until she always avoids them .
 it speaks .
 some happy humans speak while they run .
 the hungry dog near the dog never speaks .
 the hungry human near him jumps until he never jumps .
 some dogs with a bear run but they often avoid her .
 all sad dogs by a dog never hear them .
 a happy dog hears all sad dogs beside all sad dogs while it runs .
 a hungry dog with the happy bear hears a human until a bear often jumps .
 the sad bear near all bears never avoids a sad human but all humans jump .
 the sad dog sees some bears until the hungry bear avoids the bear with some humans .
 they avoid them but some sad humans hear him .
 it often sees her while some dogs often hear a human near her .
 he never follows the sad human .
 they run .
 they always run until he seldom jumps .
 some hungry dogs hear the human and it often hears it .
 the bear always sits .
 the human runs but it always speaks .
 some happy humans seldom hear it but the sad human with the bear often sits .
 the hungry human by all humans sees it .
 a happy bear often hears her .
 a sad human seldom sees the hungry human .
 a sad dog beside him speaks .
 all sad dogs follow him .
 they always avoid a hungry bear .
 a hungry human follows all sad bears beside the happy bear .
 they see the bear and he often speaks .
 the dog beside some bears seldom speaks and some dogs by all hungry dogs jump .
 a dog speaks while some sad dogs avoid him .
 she seldom avoids her while they never follow the bear .
 a happy human seldom jumps until some bears run .
 he often sees him .
 all happy dogs beside all dogs hear some sad bears beside them .
 she seldom hears the sad human with the dog .
 she often runs and a sad human speaks .
 he often hears them .
 some sad dogs always speak while they jump .
 a sad bear runs .
 some humans seldom see a human near all hungry humans until a hungry human always sits .
 they sit .
 they avoid them and they often speak .
 the dog often runs and all dogs always follow them .
 a dog seldom hears a hungry dog and all happy bears follow all hungry bears .
 all sad bears always see a dog until all bears near her jump .
 the hungry human seldom avoids some humans .
 all bears never jump and the sad human jumps .
 some happy humans never speak .
 they see it .
 some hungry humans jump but a hungry bear sits .
 some hungry dogs often speak while a bear speaks .
 they avoid them until it never follows her .
 they jump until all bears seldom jump .
 some dogs with some sad bears seldom speak until a human by it seldom sits .
 all happy humans by all sad humans avoid her .
 some dogs see them until all sad bears follow a bear beside them .
 the happy dog jumps while it seldom avoids a bear beside the bear .
 it never sits until some humans with the happy bear never see all dogs .
 he sees a dog until some dogs near her see them .
 some hungry humans with it avoid a human with it .
 he often follows all sad dogs .
 the happy dog near a dog avoids them .
 a sad human near the bear often speaks .
 the sad dog seldom speaks .
 a dog beside some humans often speaks and they seldom avoid all humans .
 a bear jumps .
 the bear seldom runs and they sit .
 a hungry bear beside the dog avoids the bear .
 they always speak .
 the dog never sits and a happy dog with the bear sees it .
 the hungry bear with some dogs follows a dog .
 they sit but they follow a hungry bear .
 they often sit .
 it always follows some hungry bears .
 some sad bears with the dog never jump .
 he hears them .
 they always speak but the happy bear never sits .
 all humans seldom hear them while the happy human beside all bears always runs .
 all dogs sit .
 the happy dog sees some dogs until they jump .
 some bears follow a sad human .
 she often sits and it follows them .
 they run .
 he avoids a bear beside a happy bear .
 they hear the bear and some happy bears near him often sit .
 they always sit .
 some dogs run and they seldom avoid all sad bears .
 it often hears him while they run .
 it sees some happy bears while she sits .
 all dogs beside the dog avoid all bears beside the bear until some bears never see some happy bears with them .
 some hungry dogs beside a bear jump while a human speaks .
 a dog never avoids some humans by all bears .
 a dog near it avoids them .
 the human near her sees it .
 a happy dog often sees a bear .
 they jump .
 all hungry humans beside a human run .
 all bears see all sad humans near a happy human until they run .
 all hungry humans jump until the bear by all sad bears never speaks .
 the sad human jumps .
 all humans with the dog often avoid her and it never speaks .
 he never sits .
 a bear follows her .
 some happy dogs beside them often run and the dog with a bear seldom follows a human .
 a dog by some hungry bears speaks while all humans by a human speak .
 the dog runs until some sad bears often jump .
 a bear often sits and all hungry humans always jump .
 the human always speaks and she seldom sits .
 some dogs run and they never sit .
 he hears some sad bears until all bears near some happy bears jump .
 they never follow them and some hungry humans near a bear always run .
 some humans by him run .
 the hungry dog never sits until the hungry dog never sits .
 all humans with all happy bears run .
 she avoids him while a happy bear with them jumps .
 they often run .
 he always hears some sad dogs .
 a happy dog runs and he often follows some humans .
 he seldom follows a happy dog beside her and it seldom speaks .
 the bear by them jumps but all sad bears never jump .
 a hungry bear jumps .
 the bear always avoids them .
 they seldom follow a dog and the happy bear always sits .
 a human beside a human never speaks until all dogs avoid it .
 the hungry human by some sad bears jumps .
 she often runs and she always sits .
 she sees a hungry dog .
 they often sit while they hear all happy bears beside all bears .
 the dog always speaks until it speaks .
 they always run .
 the bear near all hungry dogs sits .
 they never run .
 they hear a happy human until the dog jumps .
 they always jump .
 all bears never avoid the sad human near it .
 they never sit while a hungry human seldom speaks .
 some sad dogs hear all bears but the human by some sad bears often follows the bear beside all hungry humans .
 some hungry dogs often hear a hungry bear with them and the sad bear beside a sad dog always jumps .
 a bear often avoids them .
 all bears speak while a dog near some sad dogs never avoids the sad dog .
 all hungry humans often jump .
 she avoids a hungry human .
 they never see all bears while some happy dogs never see a human by some sad dogs .
 all humans beside all dogs never see all sad bears .
 all dogs seldom run until some bears avoid a human .
 all happy dogs near some happy dogs avoid the happy human .
 they often sit but it follows them .
 he jumps .
 all bears near them sit until all dogs follow a happy bear near some bears .
 all sad humans speak while a human jumps .
 a bear often jumps .
 the hungry human often speaks .
 a happy bear by some humans seldom speaks but they avoid all hungry dogs by some happy dogs .
 the sad human near a happy bear never sits .
 they hear them and she sits .
 the human with them never avoids it .
 a happy human near all sad humans speaks until a dog never hears them .
 it always speaks .
 they often follow them .
 they jump but it often sits .
 some happy humans beside some humans seldom see a human by a hungry bear .
 the human beside the hungry human follows a hungry bear until it always follows all sad humans .
 the sad bear sees them .
 it always jumps .
 they never avoid him .
 some dogs beside a sad dog often follow a happy human but the dog sees him .
 a happy dog seldom runs .
 the bear by a sad dog always follows them but they never jump .
 some hungry dogs with some dogs always run and a hungry human runs .
 they avoid some hungry bears by a happy human until they often hear all humans .
 some happy humans beside them seldom avoid all hungry humans .
 a happy bear follows some humans .
 some sad dogs seldom avoid all happy bears .
 he often speaks and all hungry dogs always sit .
 all hungry humans seldom speak while he seldom sits .
 a human near a dog speaks but they avoid a happy dog .
 a human sees it while some hungry humans by the dog jump .
 a sad dog by the happy human never runs while all dogs near a sad dog sit .
 they avoid the bear .
 some bears often see the bear while a bear follows all hungry bears .
 a sad dog often sees him .
 they often run until they always jump .
 he jumps but they often see it .
 a dog seldom avoids him until the sad human beside the human jumps .
 a happy human by it always sees a sad dog .
 he avoids a sad bear .
 they always sit while some happy bears jump .
 all sad bears always see some humans by some happy dogs while all hungry humans by the hungry bear seldom speak .
 they often jump but they follow them .
 it runs .
 all dogs with some hungry bears never hear some happy humans .
 some humans never see a sad dog by the human while some bears always see the human .
 the sad human jumps until a dog sits .
 the sad bear with all humans runs .
 a sad human beside the happy bear runs while all humans seldom avoid some sad dogs .
 they never avoid all dogs .
 it seldom runs and all dogs beside them run .
 a dog by some dogs never avoids some hungry humans beside some hungry humans .
 some bears always follow a hungry human .
 they jump .
 they always sit .
 all happy bears run .
 a human often sits .
 all bears speak .
 she follows some bears .
 all dogs seldom hear them until all sad humans avoid some hungry humans .
 she runs .
 a happy human never sees them .
 they follow it and the bear always sees some happy humans .
 all dogs beside it always speak until they never run .
 they follow a bear .
 he often sees them .
 they run .
 some bears seldom follow the human by all hungry humans until some happy humans seldom speak .
 they seldom speak but she jumps .
 some humans always jump .
 the hungry human always avoids some bears by them .
 he follows the dog .
 all humans with a bear sit and a sad bear sits .
 a sad human seldom sits until they always follow them .
 all hungry dogs beside the bear jump but they often see all hungry humans near some humans .
 a dog by a bear often sits and all humans beside the dog jump .
 the sad dog runs until he sees the bear .
 they always see the hungry bear while a dog by the human never sees some happy bears .
 all hungry humans follow the hungry dog .
 all hungry dogs near some sad dogs speak .
 all hungry bears often speak and a bear by him always speaks .
 all bears sit until she always sits .
 all humans follow the bear .
 the human always runs until all happy humans with it often run .
 a bear often sits and they speak .
 some sad dogs seldom follow the human but she always avoids some sad dogs .
 all happy dogs often speak until she jumps .
 all humans see all dogs .
 the sad bear never runs .
 the hungry dog jumps while some happy dogs always speak .
 she speaks until a dog by a sad human often runs .
 the happy dog follows all bears and they hear the sad human near him .
 he speaks but all dogs beside some happy dogs speak .
 he seldom avoids a human .
 they always run .
 they never jump and the human beside all sad humans sits .
 the human always runs .
 they run and all sad bears seldom run .
 some humans follow a dog beside some sad dogs but some happy dogs by the dog seldom see the happy dog .
 a happy bear never sits until the happy human sees them .
 the bear never avoids it while the happy bear seldom avoids all sad dogs .
 he often sits while they sit .
 she hears the bear but the human by some bears hears a dog .
 a hungry bear always runs but some happy dogs jump .
 all happy humans never sit but the bear never avoids some happy humans .
 the sad bear seldom sits until all hungry humans run .
 she seldom avoids the human by them while a human near some bears jumps .
 a sad bear by them often sees the sad dog with all sad humans .
 all bears speak and it sees the dog .
 all sad humans sit .
 they seldom speak .
 a dog with some bears never runs .
 the bear avoids the dog until some sad dogs beside a bear sit .
 all hungry humans often hear the bear .
 the dog follows her and they never sit .
 the human never follows them and the hungry human jumps .
 all bears always sit .
 some dogs always follow all sad bears .
 they follow some happy dogs by some dogs .
 all happy humans seldom sit and the sad human runs .
 the human always sees some sad humans .
 a sad bear seldom sits but she sits .
 a human by them avoids them and all sad dogs often follow all humans .
 all humans avoid all dogs near some dogs .
 she follows a dog .
 she sits and it follows him .
 the human never hears a hungry bear but some bears always hear a dog by him .
 she seldom avoids some bears and the happy bear beside a dog avoids all humans .
 a hungry human by a dog seldom jumps .
 a bear often runs and the hungry bear speaks .
 all sad humans often sit .
 they often hear all happy bears beside the dog .
 some hungry dogs near it often see a happy bear beside a dog .
 a sad dog beside it follows all bears .
 all dogs always follow them .
 all hungry dogs avoid all dogs with some happy bears until some happy humans by a dog follow them .
 a dog never sees them and all humans hear the hungry dog .
 they speak .
 the happy bear beside the bear runs .
 they always run and she runs .
 some hungry dogs follow some sad dogs while it never hears some dogs .
 a bear beside some happy humans always hears some hungry bears .
 all sad dogs sit .
 he follows them while it always runs .
 a hungry human near her runs .
 some happy bears never sit .
 he sees her .
 he never sits .
 a dog by all sad humans hears a dog .
 all dogs never run .
 all happy dogs near them often speak .
 some hungry humans follow them .
 all dogs with the human often jump while all humans by her always follow them .
 the bear with them follows some bears but the dog always sees a dog near him .
 a bear by the hungry dog jumps while he often runs .
 a human runs but all bears always sit .
 they run while all dogs with all humans sit .
 all bears always see him while all humans near a hungry bear run .
 some hungry bears by a bear speak .
 some bears run and some dogs with them avoid the sad dog by the human .
 they never speak but they never jump .
 the happy dog beside the happy bear sees it and a bear by all hungry bears hears her .
 a sad human often speaks until the happy human sees a human by some happy bears .
 some bears hear all bears until they hear them .
 some hungry humans seldom run .
 they often speak while the happy bear beside them never runs .
 it follows them and all dogs by the human never run .
 it always jumps but they seldom see a hungry human .
 the bear jumps .
 some sad bears by her never speak .
 some dogs often run but the dog near a happy human speaks .
 all dogs by a dog follow some hungry dogs until they never follow a sad bear .
 a bear follows a human while a happy human follows the hungry bear .
 a hungry dog always jumps .
 some bears by some bears see some dogs until all humans near all hungry humans run .
 a human never follows a happy dog and they often avoid some dogs near all humans .
 all bears avoid the bear .
 it sees all sad humans and the sad human always runs .
 a dog always follows them .
 the dog by the human seldom follows the human but all sad bears by them often follow a dog near them .
 all bears never run .
 it jumps .
 some hungry humans beside the dog speak and some humans seldom avoid a dog .
 a sad dog sits and she often hears them .
 they speak until the dog with them hears some happy dogs with them .
 they jump but he often sees the happy bear .
 all dogs hear the sad human .
 a human seldom follows him .
 the hungry dog by her sits but some dogs beside them often follow some dogs with a human .
 he jumps .
 all bears always hear all dogs by them while she often sees a bear .
 the sad dog jumps .
 a sad human seldom speaks .
 he seldom speaks .
 the sad human always follows them .
 some humans run .
 he follows him and all happy humans often jump .
 they often jump .
 the hungry human never hears a sad dog until the sad dog runs .
 the hungry dog avoids her .
 some humans never see all humans beside a happy human .
 some sad humans by them run .
 they follow them until they seldom run .
 a hungry bear near them seldom sits .
 a happy bear near him follows her but a sad bear often sits .
 a hungry dog beside them often sees all humans until the human seldom hears them .
 it follows him .
 all dogs with them avoid all humans by it .
 she jumps .
 a happy human beside him speaks until a hungry bear beside some happy bears runs .
 a human jumps until they speak .
 it speaks .
 the sad bear speaks .
 they often see a hungry human beside them and it often sits .
 a bear often hears the hungry human by some bears while they jump .
 some dogs see them .
 a dog never hears them .
 it hears all humans near the happy bear .
 a happy bear sees a dog but some hungry dogs never run .
 the dog by some dogs follows the sad human beside the happy human .
 the sad human speaks .
 the sad human near it often runs .
 some bears with the human never hear the human .
 he runs .
 they see the bear while some hungry bears always hear him .
 a happy human avoids him but some hungry dogs avoid all dogs .
 a sad human often follows the human but a happy human often runs .
 it runs and he jumps .
 they never avoid a hungry human .
 the sad human beside her hears all hungry dogs .
 all dogs always speak .
 the bear near it seldom hears all humans while some sad dogs see them .
 they seldom hear all sad bears but the dog follows some hungry humans beside the bear .
 she seldom hears them until the happy human hears the sad bear .
 all dogs never see a sad human with some hungry bears while the dog speaks .
 some humans run but the dog jumps .
 all happy humans always see a dog .
 some humans follow the sad dog .
 some humans by all hungry bears speak .
 the happy human jumps while a dog always sits .
 they never avoid a bear beside it until they often follow them .
 a bear with some humans seldom sees him but a human with all sad bears never sits .
 a sad bear always sits while they avoid the human .
 a dog speaks while all bears jump .
 he hears them .
 the dog seldom avoids all dogs but some bears with the sad bear often hear her .
 he seldom follows a human but some dogs follow a bear with all happy dogs .
 they always avoid all humans .
 some sad humans sit while some happy humans near a dog follow some humans beside them .
 she sees the human .
 the human seldom avoids her .
 some hungry bears seldom jump .
 a human often avoids the hungry bear .
 the dog often sits .
 some happy bears hear them .
 a human by all happy humans runs .
 they often jump .
 some happy dogs always run .
 they never run until a dog beside a bear always sees her .
 he jumps while they speak .
 some dogs beside the hungry human often hear the hungry human while a hungry dog seldom hears them .
 some bears jump .
 they always run .
 she never sits .
 a happy bear follows them .
 they never avoid them until some humans seldom avoid them .
 some hungry humans with a bear always speak .
 the hungry bear beside some bears sees them and all dogs near a human follow a hungry human .
 some hungry dogs near her always hear the hungry human but they jump .
 the human speaks but the human with the happy bear seldom runs .
 he never follows the hungry dog .
 he hears the hungry dog .
 the happy dog seldom runs .
 some humans often avoid a human while some bears always avoid all bears .
 some happy bears often speak .
 they see the happy bear .
 the happy bear never sees some happy humans .
 a sad bear runs while a human beside some dogs seldom avoids her .
 she sees all sad bears while it often runs .
 it sees all bears with him .
 some dogs never hear some dogs but a dog sees a happy dog with all happy humans .
 a happy dog jumps but they always see them .
 the sad human always follows them but the human near him jumps .
 the happy bear seldom sees it .
 she always speaks .
 some sad humans near some bears speak .
 the bear often sees some dogs .
 a dog near a bear jumps .
 all bears beside the sad human often hear the sad human but a bear sits .
 a human seldom runs while a bear by the bear never hears a bear by a human .
 some sad bears hear a hungry human and all sad bears with some sad bears sit .
 all happy humans never hear some bears and the sad bear beside all sad bears never sees the hungry dog .
 some bears seldom speak .
 it always avoids him but the bear runs .
 some humans by a happy human often hear a sad human with a hungry bear .
 all humans often avoid a happy bear while it speaks .
 some humans speak .
 they never follow him and some humans seldom sit .
 they follow them .
 they speak until some sad dogs run .
 some hungry bears run .
 some humans beside it speak but some bears seldom sit .
 he jumps while a human seldom jumps .
 they seldom hear some bears beside all humans .
 they hear all dogs .
 a happy bear often jumps .
 they avoid some sad dogs .
 she sits .
 it sees some bears beside the human and they jump .
 all sad dogs with some hungry dogs follow a sad bear .
 the happy dog hears it .
 some sad bears by them often see them .
 the hungry dog sits and he speaks .
 they always hear him while some humans beside all hungry humans speak .
 some bears always speak while they often avoid the bear .
 some sad dogs never see them .
 it runs .
 it runs .
 they never hear all dogs .
 it never sits .
 it always hears a dog until all hungry bears near all happy humans jump .
 a hungry human hears the bear until all happy bears seldom follow them .
 some happy humans see them .
 it hears some hungry humans .
 all hungry humans sit .
 they always follow a dog and all dogs seldom run .
 a sad human speaks .
 some happy bears with a bear speak .
 a hungry bear sees him and some sad humans with some humans avoid the happy dog beside it .
 all dogs near all sad humans jump until some bears see them .
 some dogs never follow him but she sits .
 the dog often sees the dog until some happy dogs by the sad bear hear some bears .
 the dog with some dogs often speaks while they often sit .
 some sad dogs avoid all hungry humans while a dog always speaks .
 a hungry human by the happy bear seldom follows it and they seldom speak .
 all happy dogs jump until some sad dogs beside the hungry bear always avoid them .
 she often sits until all hungry dogs never see all hungry bears by all humans .
 the dog jumps .
 it always jumps until they hear all dogs .
 they avoid the happy bear while some dogs hear them .
 all dogs beside all bears follow it .
 a happy dog by a human avoids them .
 all bears by some humans always sit but some humans run .
 some hungry dogs jump while he seldom avoids her .
 some sad humans often see a sad human while it follows some dogs .
 a bear with them seldom hears some hungry bears and they follow some bears beside a bear .
 he seldom jumps until the happy dog jumps .
 it avoids all dogs and it runs .
 he often follows the human while a human often speaks .
 some hungry dogs always follow them .
 all sad bears seldom jump .
 a bear jumps .
 all dogs see all hungry bears beside him but they never avoid the dog near some dogs .
 some humans hear a bear .
 a bear seldom speaks until all hungry bears see some sad humans .
 the happy bear sees the dog .
 it speaks .
 some hungry humans with all hungry dogs always speak .
 they speak .
 all happy humans never speak while all hungry humans seldom run .
 it never follows the human but all sad bears near them follow some humans .
 she sits while all humans hear all bears .
 she never avoids her but a happy dog runs .
 a happy dog beside the human runs and all hungry dogs jump .
 they speak .
 a happy dog seldom hears her until a dog avoids all hungry humans .
 some bears beside him often avoid some humans .
 they seldom jump until they always jump .
 the bear near some dogs never speaks .
 they avoid them until the dog hears the hungry human .
 a dog beside them always speaks .
 a bear hears the dog .
 some dogs speak .
 some happy bears with all hungry bears seldom follow all hungry humans .
 a sad human seldom sees it .
 she sits while they never follow the happy bear .
 he sits .
 he seldom sees all hungry dogs .
 they never follow some humans .
 a happy bear sits .
 a human jumps .
 they run .
 the human seldom jumps until some sad dogs by some humans sit .
 a happy human beside it often runs .
 all sad bears beside them sit while the sad bear with him runs .
 the hungry dog always sees a happy human beside some bears until all hungry dogs always jump .
 they sit until it always sits .
 she sees all dogs with a dog until some sad bears never avoid it .
 all hungry bears with some hungry humans seldom sit while some dogs jump .
 they sit but a bear with her avoids a bear near them .
 she hears a hungry dog .
 a sad bear always sits but all humans follow them .
 some happy humans beside them speak .
 the human jumps until a dog avoids some humans .
 the human often follows all happy humans .
 the bear runs until they jump .
 some bears with them sit and all hungry humans hear the bear .
 they never run until the happy bear seldom hears the bear with a dog .
 the human speaks until he sees them .
 some bears always see him .
 a bear speaks .
 they see a bear beside all sad humans .
 the human by some bears jumps but some hungry dogs often follow them .
 she speaks .
 some hungry bears beside him seldom see him .
 all happy dogs see them .
 a happy dog avoids the dog .
 some dogs hear it .
 some bears seldom see the happy human but a sad bear runs .
 he speaks .
 they jump until a sad human seldom follows the bear .
 some hungry bears often speak .
 they speak .
 some dogs near some humans follow them .
 all hungry bears always sit .
 they seldom speak .
 all humans jump .
 a dog near them often sees a happy dog while the human sits .
 they seldom speak .
 the human speaks .
 he speaks but it always sees them .
 some dogs follow it .
 all sad bears avoid some happy bears .
 he avoids the sad dog by them .
 the sad human often speaks and a hungry bear beside some dogs always follows them .
 they seldom jump .
 they seldom run until all happy humans with her follow her .
 the hungry bear always avoids him but they hear them .
 the sad bear beside all bears follows the sad dog by them while it always sits .
 some hungry bears never run while some sad humans near them always run .
 the happy human jumps but they never hear some humans .
 they never jump while a sad bear sits .
 a sad human seldom hears a bear until it follows some hungry humans .
 a human by some humans avoids him .
 they run while the dog never sees all happy bears .
 they jump .
 some bears speak .
 all sad bears near him run while all sad dogs always sit .
 some bears near her run .
 a hungry human speaks .
 a human follows the bear .
 he always follows them and the bear with some dogs seldom jumps .
 a human speaks .
 she sits until she never runs .
 the sad bear never jumps .
 the happy human jumps .
 the happy dog jumps and some humans hear all dogs by it .
 the happy human with all dogs always sees the hungry bear but a human never sees them .
 all sad bears by them seldom jump and he sits .
 a happy bear seldom follows all dogs with all dogs .
 they seldom avoid some hungry dogs with a happy dog .
 the hungry bear runs and the sad bear avoids all happy dogs beside it .
 a dog never jumps .
 the hungry dog speaks until it often sees a human .
 she always speaks and all hungry dogs hear all dogs .
 the dog seldom sits .
 a sad bear jumps .
 some dogs always avoid it while a happy human runs .
 the human with a sad dog seldom avoids all bears but some dogs by the dog avoid a human .
 a dog runs .
 the sad dog beside all happy bears jumps until some humans often avoid all happy humans .
 the dog sits .
 some hungry humans beside her always follow the dog by all sad dogs .
 some happy bears follow all hungry dogs beside a human but all sad humans always sit .
 some happy bears speak while it never sits .
 they avoid him .
 all humans sit .
 she sees it while some happy bears sit .
 a bear by it jumps but they seldom sit .
 they seldom speak and he jumps .
 the hungry dog always runs but some sad bears beside it see all hungry dogs .
 all happy dogs follow it .
 some bears never sit .
 a sad human never avoids them and some bears follow them .
 she never runs but all dogs hear them .
 the human hears some hungry bears .
 the dog always avoids it .
 a hungry bear often sits until a happy human never sees all dogs .
 a human hears the human .
 they speak .
 a hungry bear beside them speaks and they jump .
 a hungry dog jumps .
 a bear by a human seldom avoids a happy dog but a bear by some bears seldom speaks .
 it follows a bear .
 some humans jump .
 a dog by a hungry human runs .
 some sad humans beside the dog follow them .
 she hears them .
 a bear by the hungry dog speaks and a hungry dog seldom sees them .
 the dog with them often jumps but the bear always follows the bear .
 all sad bears often run .
 a hungry bear always sees the hungry dog .
 all humans follow them and they often avoid some sad humans beside a dog .
 some dogs often run .
 some happy bears hear the happy human .
 a dog seldom jumps until all dogs with all sad dogs often hear them .
 they see them but he often hears it .
 a hungry human beside a bear seldom jumps but he often hears the bear .
 some bears see all bears with some hungry humans and she speaks .
 a happy human always sits until the sad bear speaks .
 all happy bears beside some bears see all dogs and all dogs near it avoid a hungry human with some sad humans .
 they often sit .
 all bears near them seldom run .
 the hungry bear always follows a bear .
 he follows some dogs beside some dogs but all happy dogs seldom run .
 all humans never avoid them and they run .
 all bears see a hungry bear until some sad bears follow all humans near it .
 they often avoid some humans .
 all dogs jump .
 it hears her .
 the bear avoids all humans beside her while the dog always runs .
 all happy dogs sit .
 they seldom run .
 a human often runs .
 they run and all sad bears always follow some bears .
 a sad bear often sees him .
 they see them .
 a bear always runs while they always see a human with all humans .
 some bears never hear some humans .
 all bears jump .
 a happy dog often sees some dogs near him .
 a human often runs .
 all bears near all happy humans sit .
 a sad human never follows all humans with all dogs .
 all humans never hear him but a dog sits .
 all dogs by a dog often follow all sad humans near some hungry bears .
 some bears jump .
 all sad bears see the hungry dog but all happy bears always jump .
 a sad bear jumps .
 she often avoids all bears .
 the bear beside the hungry human sees the bear .
 a hungry bear seldom speaks .
 a human near some hungry dogs speaks .
 he never sees some happy humans while all hungry dogs beside it never jump .
 a bear always avoids the human .
 some sad humans seldom jump .
 some bears near her always follow them while all humans near a happy human never follow a hungry bear near him .
 all dogs beside them often jump but the human always hears the hungry bear .
 the bear beside a hungry human sits .
 it jumps but they seldom see the dog near a hungry dog .
 they never follow a human .
 a human beside him never avoids the hungry dog by some bears .
 some sad humans beside her follow a human .
 it never runs until she follows all happy bears .
 a sad human by a hungry dog always sits until the happy dog never jumps .
 it jumps .
 they seldom run and some happy humans near it seldom follow the human .
 some dogs with some happy humans often avoid some happy dogs .
 he never jumps but it often follows some bears by the sad dog .
 all bears beside all dogs run until all humans sit .
 the hungry human sees them but all happy dogs avoid the dog .
 she runs and some bears sit .
 they run .
 she sees the hungry dog .
 the sad dog near all dogs avoids the human with a dog but all happy bears often follow it .
 a happy human avoids all dogs while the hungry dog always avoids all happy bears .
 a dog always jumps but some dogs beside all happy humans never sit .
 they sit .
 a sad bear never hears some dogs .
 they often speak and she hears them .
 it follows all humans and some bears speak .
 the hungry bear always runs .
 all bears often see some hungry humans .
 she sits while a dog near a bear sits .
 some sad humans often sit .
 it often runs .
 they seldom follow all humans near them .
 a sad human with the bear follows some hungry humans near the dog .
 they speak .
 a bear seldom hears a sad dog .
 he always runs but he always avoids them .
 they always sit and some dogs by the dog run .
 some happy humans with the hungry bear jump .
 some bears beside them always see them .
 the bear seldom avoids a hungry bear with a bear while they speak .
 he often sits .
 they seldom hear her .
 all happy dogs see some sad dogs .
 the happy dog seldom sees all hungry humans but the happy human never sits .
 all hungry humans seldom jump until some hungry bears always run .
 it hears them until all sad humans by all humans seldom hear all humans .
 some hungry bears seldom see all dogs and they never see some dogs .
 he seldom runs but they never see some hungry humans near him .
 they speak but he avoids the dog near them .
 a hungry bear beside some hungry dogs often sees some humans .
 all happy bears avoid a dog .
 the hungry human hears all sad bears by some sad dogs and they see her .
 all happy bears see some hungry humans .
 a happy human speaks .
 all hungry dogs speak until a dog by all humans never runs .
 they run until he always jumps .
 they speak until they seldom follow a bear .
 a happy human beside her seldom speaks until all sad dogs run .
 all bears beside her run .
 a happy bear jumps .
 a hungry dog with a hungry human often avoids some dogs .
 they always jump while a human often hears all bears by a dog .
 some bears by her see a dog and the hungry human hears the bear beside a sad bear .
 the sad bear never runs but a hungry bear near all bears sees it .
 some humans beside the bear never sit .
 all dogs jump and he never hears some hungry humans .
 they always jump but all dogs see a human .
 all hungry bears run .
 a happy bear never hears them .
 a sad bear never avoids some sad bears with them .
 they jump until a hungry dog seldom speaks .
 all bears often hear it and the dog seldom follows a human with the bear .
 all dogs by him run .
 a dog always follows them and some dogs with him sit .
 a sad human sees them and the bear near some hungry humans seldom hears her .
 they run while some happy dogs avoid some bears .
 he speaks .
 some sad humans seldom speak .
 all happy bears follow some bears .
 a human seldom speaks but they run .
 the sad human often sits but some sad bears with some bears run .
 some hungry dogs see a dog .
 all hungry bears with the sad bear always see the dog beside them but the human follows them .
 the sad bear never sits .
 the happy bear sits while some hungry bears sit .
 they hear a dog while they avoid her .
 a sad bear seldom jumps but some bears by all humans often run .
 some hungry dogs never hear the bear near him .
 she seldom speaks while they always follow some bears with all dogs .
 the dog jumps .
 all bears never speak until some dogs beside the bear often sit .
 some bears often speak .
 a sad human hears some hungry dogs .
 some hungry dogs often speak .
 they never jump .
 all hungry dogs run but some bears never sit .
 a sad human runs while all hungry humans by all humans speak .
 the human near a dog often avoids some humans .
 some happy humans speak until a human sits .
 they always speak .
 a human always sits while all dogs near her see them .
 some bears always jump .
 the happy bear often follows a human .
 the sad dog runs and a dog never hears a hungry bear by some happy humans .
 all bears seldom sit .
 a sad dog sits but a hungry bear sees some hungry humans .
 they sit .
 all dogs sit and the happy human runs .
 the sad dog jumps and the bear follows some hungry dogs .
 some happy humans seldom sit .
 they hear a bear .
 all happy bears never sit .
 the happy bear with the happy dog never speaks .
 some dogs run .
 some hungry dogs always follow them .
 a hungry human by a bear jumps while a dog near them often runs .
 a human often jumps and they never speak .
 all humans speak .
 some bears jump but all sad humans see them .
 some sad dogs always hear a human and they seldom hear all humans with a dog .
 she avoids some happy dogs .
 a bear always speaks until the bear runs .
 some sad bears near a bear jump .
 all sad dogs beside them seldom run .
 a hungry human jumps .
 some bears near the human often hear all humans near her .
 some hungry humans never speak .
 a human near some humans sits until all humans hear some dogs .
 a bear seldom speaks .
 the dog beside a bear jumps but she seldom jumps .
 the hungry human never sits but he always avoids the human near the dog .
 they avoid the sad dog but they seldom speak .
 a sad bear seldom sees some hungry bears while all humans beside the hungry dog always follow him .
 all happy dogs run .
 it often jumps .
 she always runs and some bears often speak .
 a sad dog sits .
 some happy humans beside all hungry bears always hear them .
 all dogs never sit .
 they always follow some happy humans and some bears near a human seldom follow some dogs .
 all humans speak but the sad dog near a human seldom hears them .
 they always jump and they never hear some bears .
 some happy bears beside them often speak while a happy bear often follows all humans .
 a happy human beside some hungry dogs often sees all dogs .
 some bears never follow it .
 a dog sits until he seldom sees her .
 she avoids all hungry dogs .
 some dogs with the hungry dog often follow him .
 she often avoids the sad human .
 a happy dog never jumps .
 all dogs by all dogs often hear him .
 some dogs see them while they never hear some hungry humans .
 a dog speaks .
 the hungry dog beside them avoids a hungry human until they always run .
 some humans see him .
 a human beside all happy humans jumps .
 all humans with some happy humans never hear them .
 the hungry human never avoids her while all hungry humans follow it .
 a human by a bear hears them while all humans seldom speak .
 a dog often hears the bear and some happy dogs hear her .
 all dogs often speak and all hungry dogs beside all dogs always speak .
 all happy dogs run .
 some hungry humans with a bear run .
 she sees them but a bear sees it .
 the human always jumps .
 he sits .
 the sad dog seldom speaks .
 all sad dogs never avoid a hungry human near it until some happy dogs run .
 some humans sit .
 some sad dogs run .
 the sad human seldom sits while some hungry humans speak .
 it always sees a human .
 a happy human sees some sad humans and a happy bear often speaks .
 the dog seldom sits but some happy bears run .
 all sad dogs with some humans never sit .
 a dog near them speaks until all bears by the human hear some sad dogs beside them .
 the human seldom speaks .
 the human sees it until all bears always avoid all hungry humans .
 they seldom run .
 the hungry human with the sad human runs until all bears hear all dogs .
 a happy dog with her speaks .
 some sad humans never jump until she avoids him .
 she speaks .
 all sad bears always run while they never follow some humans .
 they often run .
 they hear all dogs while some dogs run .
 they often run until it sees some happy bears with a happy dog .
 the bear near some hungry dogs follows some sad humans but a dog never avoids the human with them .
 some hungry dogs often follow the dog beside them while he sits .
 the dog sees all humans by them until they run .
 a dog sees a hungry bear .
 he sees a dog by her until she sees them .
 she runs .
 they speak while a hungry bear never follows all happy dogs near the happy human .
 they see the sad human .
 a bear seldom avoids them .
 a dog follows a sad bear .
 a bear never runs while they follow all hungry dogs .
 some happy dogs near a sad dog never sit .
 a bear near the dog often jumps and he runs .
 they seldom hear him but some dogs speak .
 all humans run until some happy bears always hear some bears .
 a happy bear sits .
 all bears see the sad dog .
 a sad human near the sad human sees some hungry humans near some dogs but a hungry human follows a sad bear .
 all happy humans seldom see some bears .
 some dogs seldom speak and the dog by him never follows them .
 the bear runs while the sad dog runs .
 a bear sits .
 she never hears it until some happy dogs speak .
 she often runs while it never runs .
 some happy humans always see him .
 all hungry humans beside all dogs seldom hear the bear .
 the hungry dog near some hungry bears always hears them .
 some bears with it always follow a hungry dog beside the hungry human until he never follows a human .
 they often follow it .
 a sad human follows the hungry bear .
 the dog follows some bears .
 all sad bears always jump while the sad human beside them follows some humans .
 some dogs near them often follow some happy dogs and a happy human seldom sees them .
 the dog near the human avoids all dogs .
 they hear a hungry dog near them but the hungry bear hears him .
 he often avoids them and the hungry dog always sees them .
 a human sees some dogs .
 all hungry dogs never sit .
 all happy bears follow some sad dogs near the hungry bear .
 all happy dogs near all sad dogs seldom jump .
 she always follows some hungry dogs by all hungry bears .
 the hungry bear seldom sits .
 they seldom speak .
 all happy bears beside them run until a sad bear sees them .
 the bear runs .
 the happy human with all dogs often runs .
 he never follows them and he always sees the hungry human .
 it runs .
 they seldom run but they run .
 the dog runs while they seldom hear it .
 she avoids her and all happy bears always run .
 they often jump until the happy human near her avoids the happy dog .
 some hungry dogs by the human often run .
 all humans by all hungry dogs hear them .
 the dog seldom hears them .
 a human sits .
 a human always jumps .
 she runs .
 he sits .
 the sad dog beside all bears never hears all hungry dogs while it seldom follows all bears by them .
 she always speaks .
 the sad bear avoids a hungry bear .
 all bears near all dogs seldom follow a human while a sad human follows a sad bear by a dog .
 some humans follow all hungry humans .
 they seldom avoid her while the bear with some humans seldom sees the human .
 a human near him hears it until she hears the happy human .
 they always follow a dog near it until a sad bear never follows it .
 it sits .
 they hear some happy dogs .
 they see all sad bears by it .
 he follows all humans .
 the human never speaks while the human by her seldom speaks .
 some bears follow all humans .
 all bears often follow the bear until she seldom sees the sad human .
 all happy humans speak and all bears always avoid some humans .
 all happy dogs beside the human sit but some dogs always sit .
 they jump until all hungry humans with it hear all humans .
 it seldom hears the sad dog and all humans beside a sad human jump .
 the happy bear near a bear always jumps until all hungry dogs always see the human .
 they always see her .
 it seldom jumps .
 the hungry dog never sees them .
 the human always sees a sad bear .
 all hungry dogs often avoid them .
 it seldom follows all bears with some happy bears .
 the hungry dog never sees it until it often avoids them .
 he often speaks until they never run .
 they often hear her and she follows a sad human .
 all sad bears seldom avoid all bears .
 a dog never follows some hungry dogs beside a human until some bears seldom see all dogs .
 all humans near a hungry dog jump .
 a dog hears a hungry human until she always hears a dog .
 a dog follows it while the sad bear never runs .
 she seldom speaks .
 they often hear all dogs until all hungry dogs always speak .
 all happy bears near it jump and she never hears all hungry humans .
 all dogs never speak and some humans always hear them .
 she avoids the hungry human while they see her .
 a sad dog never follows them .
 it never sits and all bears never sit .
 the sad dog sits .
 all sad bears never see a dog beside some sad bears and some happy bears with some happy humans often follow some hungry bears .
 the hungry human always avoids some humans .
 they follow her but a hungry dog often runs .
 it always jumps while some hungry dogs hear some dogs .
 some sad humans see all humans .
 a bear near her sees some hungry bears .
 a happy human by all humans follows them .
 some happy bears always follow the happy dog by them and all hungry bears seldom sit .
 all bears sit but some bears speak .
 all bears run .
 all hungry dogs run but they never speak .
 all sad humans often speak .
 he often sits .
 they always see all dogs beside the happy bear .
 the happy dog seldom sees them .
 some bears with them often hear a dog while a human always jumps .
 a sad bear never sees him while the bear never avoids some humans .
 they follow them but the sad human seldom hears her .
 all sad dogs beside all sad humans never jump .
 the sad human jumps while they run .
 they never hear some happy dogs near the happy human while all bears never run .
 a dog beside some humans never follows it while the sad dog seldom sits .
 some bears avoid a sad human and the human with her seldom jumps .
 all bears with some humans speak and she speaks .
 a dog always follows some bears and a human sits .
 she often sees some hungry bears beside the bear while it hears a bear .
 a human jumps .
 they always avoid some happy dogs .
 some humans speak .
 he follows it .
 he seldom hears a dog while the hungry bear never jumps .
 a dog follows them while the sad bear often sees the happy bear beside a sad human .
 the happy bear runs while a sad human always speaks .
 he follows a hungry human but she runs .
 a happy dog speaks .
 all dogs beside a human always see it while they hear all bears beside the bear .
 all dogs beside all happy humans sit .
 all hungry humans run .
 some hungry bears always speak and all dogs see her .
 they jump .
 all hungry dogs seldom run until a happy dog never sees a bear .
 some dogs seldom sit and some hungry dogs jump .
 a human sees him .
 they avoid them .
 a human by some sad humans jumps .
 the dog near the sad human often jumps .
 the happy dog often hears some happy dogs by some sad dogs .
 they never avoid all sad dogs but some happy dogs speak .
 it speaks .
 all sad humans near them seldom hear it .
 she sits until it seldom runs .
 the hungry bear with all happy bears hears it and a happy dog avoids her .
 a sad human near all dogs never jumps while a happy human with him sits .
 they speak until some dogs seldom follow him .
 she never avoids a human until it runs .
 they always see a hungry bear .
 it hears a human .
 some sad humans always follow all sad bears but all bears often hear them .
 he never runs .
 some happy humans sit and a hungry human seldom avoids him .
 all happy bears with a sad dog follow them and the hungry human with her avoids all happy dogs .
 the hungry human near some sad bears always sits .
 all humans with some happy dogs seldom sit and he follows them .
 the happy human never avoids the human .
 a human often speaks and a happy dog follows the happy bear by all dogs .
 all hungry dogs often follow the bear .
 the hungry bear seldom avoids them .
 the hungry dog hears them until they hear some bears .
 it never speaks .
 a sad bear jumps .
 all dogs by all dogs jump .
 all hungry dogs sit .
 all happy bears beside a hungry human jump and he hears her .
 she seldom hears a sad human near all humans but the sad dog always sits .
 some humans near the bear often avoid all bears .
 some humans often speak until they run .
 some hungry humans often see her .
 the hungry dog sees all sad dogs and some dogs always run .
 he sits .
 all sad humans beside some dogs sit .
 they run until he jumps .
 some sad humans hear him while it hears some humans .
 the hungry dog with them seldom jumps but a hungry dog follows all dogs .
 a sad bear always sees all sad bears .
 some bears seldom sit .
 it runs but some humans speak .
 it seldom follows the hungry human but they avoid a sad dog .
 some bears follow all bears until the human always hears a happy dog by him .
 all hungry dogs by all humans sit .
 the hungry dog by the happy human follows the sad dog near them until all sad dogs by some sad humans run .
 all dogs run and he avoids a sad human .
 it never hears all sad dogs .
 a happy human always sits .
 the dog speaks while some sad bears seldom see her .
 it always sits and they sit .
 a hungry human near him sees some bears while the happy bear sits .
 the human often speaks .
 he runs .
 some sad dogs never follow her while some humans by some sad dogs jump .
 they often see a hungry human near some sad humans .
 the sad human beside a hungry bear often hears all happy humans but it sits .
 the hungry dog always runs .
 they follow some bears until some bears see the hungry bear near some dogs .
 all happy bears by all happy dogs seldom follow some happy bears .
 some happy bears near a happy bear see some sad humans until a dog by some sad bears sees her .
 he never follows some happy humans but all dogs follow them .
 the human always hears a bear beside the bear .
 they sit but all humans jump .
 all dogs seldom hear them but the happy dog with a human often sees all happy dogs .
 they always run but the bear always follows a dog .
 they always avoid the human .
 all sad humans follow him .
 the dog beside it speaks until they hear it .
 a bear by all sad dogs often sits while some bears avoid a happy dog beside all dogs .
 some hungry humans always avoid the bear beside some humans but some happy bears often avoid all happy dogs with the dog .
 a dog by a hungry human follows them .
 a sad human hears him .
 a hungry bear by all bears hears a human beside some humans .
 they see them .
 a dog speaks while he hears a happy bear beside the happy human .
 they never speak .
 all happy humans jump and they seldom avoid the sad human by her .
 some hungry bears see all bears while it follows a human .
 she sits but it always follows all sad bears .
 it seldom avoids all dogs .
 they never see a bear .
 the bear follows a hungry human and a human often hears her .
 a dog always avoids them .
 some humans never run .
 they always avoid it .
 a happy bear beside her seldom hears some happy dogs while all humans follow a dog .
 they seldom avoid them .
 she sits while some bears hear a hungry human .
 the bear often sees the happy human .
 all humans run .
 some dogs sit and they always speak .
 they speak until the bear never hears the bear .
 all happy humans seldom see it while they see the hungry dog .
 she hears a sad dog .
 some humans near some hungry dogs jump .
 all dogs follow some hungry bears beside the sad dog .
 a hungry bear hears him .
 he jumps until all dogs near a hungry dog sit .
 the hungry bear avoids it .
 she follows them and he always avoids it .
 all hungry bears avoid him .
 the happy dog near the human jumps .
 the human with her never follows all bears by the sad bear .
 they always avoid some bears until a sad dog near a human often follows all bears .
 it often sits .
 it seldom runs and all happy bears never follow them .
 he sits .
 a happy human by them seldom jumps .
 a bear seldom speaks .
 the happy bear seldom hears it while all hungry bears always run .
 some bears near all sad bears always avoid all humans and a sad bear always speaks .
 some happy bears hear it but all bears speak .
 they often avoid some sad bears by some happy bears .
 a happy bear often avoids all sad dogs but the human sees some humans beside some dogs .
 some humans often run but a hungry bear near the bear jumps .
 all sad dogs never see the hungry human with a dog .
 the hungry human seldom jumps while a dog seldom runs .
 the happy human never hears her and she sits .
 he seldom sits .
 a bear jumps .
 all bears seldom follow some dogs .
 it sits .
 the hungry dog avoids her .
 all dogs beside all hungry dogs never follow them .
 some humans speak while they never hear a dog .
 a human never sees the happy human but she sits .
 a human near them seldom jumps but she sees all humans beside a happy human .
 a human often sits .
 all sad dogs jump .
 he always jumps .
 all humans with all humans always speak .
 the bear with her seldom sees all dogs while he avoids them .
 some happy humans often speak .
 a happy bear sees them .
 the human seldom sits .
 the happy bear always avoids the sad human .
 a bear speaks .
 a hungry human sits .
 a hungry human beside all happy dogs often sees some bears by them but some dogs always follow a dog .
 she often follows the hungry human but the sad human by him jumps .
 some humans avoid the human and they seldom speak .
 some humans never hear them but some humans sit .
 the dog with all bears runs while the sad human always speaks .
 they always speak .
 they jump .
 all happy dogs often speak .
 all humans always avoid them .
 they see the dog and it speaks .
 the hungry human seldom avoids them .
 they see her .
 a bear beside all dogs hears them and they often follow him .
 he often sits but she often hears him .
 some hungry humans often run but a hungry human always jumps .
 some happy dogs always run .
 they seldom see them .
 the dog avoids it while a hungry dog by some happy dogs hears them .
 they jump until the sad human follows her .
 she sits .
 he always avoids all dogs with all hungry dogs .
 she never sees all humans .
 some happy humans avoid a happy bear .
 she follows a happy dog .
 they always sit while a human near a bear sits .
 they never jump but all hungry bears beside some humans often sit .
 they often run while he often runs .
 a sad human never jumps and the happy bear jumps .
 it sees them .
 the bear by some happy bears sits .
 some dogs beside a dog seldom avoid some humans by a dog .
 a dog speaks .
 it often jumps .
 she seldom hears them .
 all hungry humans beside some humans never jump until the human by her often avoids the sad dog .
 the sad bear beside all happy humans never runs .
 the human always speaks but a happy human seldom sits .
 some sad humans near some hungry bears always hear the hungry dog but a human with the sad dog speaks .
 all bears hear a dog .
 they seldom speak while a bear by some dogs follows all happy bears .
 it sits and the dog by a dog hears a happy dog .
 the dog hears the happy human .
 the dog hears them .
 a bear speaks and they always follow the sad human beside all humans .
 all happy humans near some sad dogs always hear some bears with all hungry bears and some hungry humans beside them follow her .
 all hungry humans seldom jump .
 a human sees some hungry bears .
 a human runs .
 some sad humans hear a human and he avoids a bear .
 they often avoid all sad bears .
 some humans beside a happy dog never hear her but a dog beside the hungry human follows her .
 the sad bear runs .
 they never run .
 some happy dogs never jump .
 some humans always hear the bear .
 he never sees the bear with him .
 a bear avoids some hungry dogs by a human but all dogs by them seldom hear a hungry bear .
 they never jump and they never avoid some humans .
 all hungry humans run .
 they always sit .
 all humans hear some bears by all sad humans .
 he always sees all bears .
 the sad bear by them follows a dog .
 a hungry dog by it sees him .
 she never sits but the dog follows a dog .
 a human seldom sees her but all sad humans with them seldom follow a sad bear by a human .
 a human often speaks while some dogs by it often see it .
 it seldom follows all sad humans and some dogs follow a human .
 a hungry dog always runs .
 she seldom jumps .
 all bears run until all dogs never run .
 a dog by him sits and the human never sees them .
 they hear her and all dogs follow them .
 they often run .
 the happy dog never sees some dogs beside them until the bear often runs .
 the hungry dog near them never follows them and the sad bear often sits .
 a bear sees some bears until it runs .
 he hears them while it jumps .
 some humans never avoid her while some dogs follow them .
 the bear seldom sits .
 all dogs by it sit but the bear seldom hears all hungry humans .
 the bear runs and the sad bear jumps .
 they always follow him but the dog by a happy human follows some dogs .
 all bears with them often see all humans beside her .
 they often see the hungry human until they sit .
 they speak .
 all bears see them and the hungry bear often runs .
 some sad dogs beside him avoid all dogs but they run .
 they sit .
 a hungry dog with them never speaks .
 some dogs by the dog always sit and some happy dogs never speak .
 all hungry bears always jump .
 some hungry dogs often jump while he sits .
 it always sees the sad dog while some bears sit .
 all dogs never run .
 they avoid some humans until some happy bears seldom jump .
 the human never sees all hungry bears with him .
 a happy human always jumps until all bears seldom avoid all dogs .
 some bears speak .
 the hungry bear with them sits .
 some happy dogs near some hungry dogs never sit .
 the human always sees them .
 the happy bear always avoids it and the human runs .
 all bears near it speak until the happy bear seldom runs .
 some dogs always sit but a human avoids a dog with all humans .
 all dogs jump while the hungry dog often avoids them .
 some humans sit .
 she runs .
 the sad dog often jumps until they seldom speak .
 she always avoids them .
 a happy dog beside them always runs but they follow them .
 all hungry dogs by some bears follow some hungry bears while he always sits .
 they follow them .
 some sad dogs avoid him .
 she always hears them but a hungry bear jumps .
 she follows it .
 all sad humans always avoid a sad dog and they always avoid all hungry bears .
 some sad bears by the human never run until all sad humans by it avoid some hungry dogs .
 a human seldom speaks until some bears hear the sad bear .
 the sad human speaks but the bear by them runs .
 some bears see some sad dogs .
 a dog jumps .
 the human seldom runs .
 they see a happy human .
 he sees some sad bears by him while some hungry bears beside all sad dogs follow a bear .
 he never avoids the hungry bear until a sad human beside a dog sits .
 a hungry human jumps .
 a dog follows some dogs by some sad dogs but the human hears some bears by some humans .
 she seldom hears all hungry humans beside a hungry dog until he avoids them .
 a hungry dog runs while the dog beside the sad dog avoids some bears .
 the human often hears the bear beside her but the dog always speaks .
 some humans hear a human until some sad humans never jump .
 some bears sit .
 the sad bear always speaks until a dog never jumps .
 a bear follows him .
 a human often avoids a happy bear by him until some hungry dogs run .
 they often avoid a sad dog and some dogs beside some dogs sit .
 some humans avoid all bears .
 some happy bears avoid the happy human .
 the dog seldom follows her .
 all hungry bears avoid them until the sad bear beside them seldom speaks .
 all bears run .
 the sad dog beside all humans seldom sees all humans .
 they jump .
 all happy humans beside some bears run until they never see all humans .
 she never sits .
 the hungry human runs while he sees some dogs .
 some bears seldom follow all bears until they often follow them .
 the sad dog often follows a human .
 some sad bears never jump until all humans never see some bears .
 it always sees a human with all humans .
 all dogs with a dog never avoid it .
 some bears beside all dogs hear a hungry human .
 some humans often jump but a bear always hears all bears .
 they often sit .
 some hungry humans avoid all happy dogs .
 he speaks and all sad humans seldom run .
 a happy dog often sees all humans .
 they sit .
 a dog seldom speaks .
 a bear hears the human with it until a human beside her always sees the happy dog .
 they seldom follow them .
 the happy human seldom runs .
 some bears run until she seldom sees all sad humans beside some hungry dogs .
 the sad dog sits .
 all happy dogs speak .
 all dogs see them .
 a sad bear always sits .
 she seldom avoids all dogs with him but they often hear a dog with the bear .
 she never avoids them .
 they follow her while they run .
 the happy dog sees some hungry bears by them .
 all hungry humans speak but the hungry dog often runs .
 the dog speaks .
 the sad human near the sad bear seldom runs and they see them .
 a human beside a human jumps .
 some happy dogs with a bear often see a sad dog .
 some humans seldom avoid them but all happy bears never sit .
 they avoid all sad dogs while all sad dogs often sit .
 some happy bears with a bear follow all sad humans while some happy humans follow her .
 some dogs with it hear them .
 it never hears them .
 a hungry human often sees the human beside the sad human while a hungry dog runs .
 all bears by it often speak .
 they never avoid a sad human and some hungry humans beside all humans never sit .
 all bears never sit while all hungry humans see all humans .
 they often avoid them .
 it runs until a happy dog never sits .
 a human by him never jumps until a sad human never sees some dogs .
 they often jump .
 they seldom jump .
 the sad bear by a bear never jumps while the human with them always sits .
 all humans by some happy dogs avoid her but it always hears them .
 the dog seldom sees a sad human .
 a hungry human speaks and all humans sit .
 a dog always hears all humans with the happy dog while some dogs never hear the bear .
 the human near the bear avoids him .
 a sad human never sees the dog .
 some humans jump while they always see her .
 a dog beside all sad dogs sits until some humans see some humans .
 the human speaks .
 a happy human seldom speaks .
 some hungry humans hear some happy dogs .
 all hungry dogs hear all happy dogs beside the bear .
 some hungry humans seldom follow the bear with a sad human .
 he sits but a hungry bear hears them .
 some humans see the sad human with the bear while they hear a happy dog by all humans .
 he sees a bear but some dogs often follow him .
 some happy humans with the bear seldom avoid them while they never sit .
 all bears see all sad dogs .
 she always runs .
 some dogs seldom sit while some hungry bears never sit .
 some dogs seldom run until the bear with them avoids a human .
 the dog runs while a bear beside all bears never follows it .
 the human seldom jumps and some humans near them sit .
 they sit .
 some humans sit and a human always avoids the dog .
 all dogs jump .
 all sad humans hear her but some humans see the sad dog near a human .
 the sad dog seldom sits .
 all hungry dogs always hear some sad humans .
 he sits .
 some humans never speak until all bears sit .
 all humans sit and the human hears all hungry dogs .
 they see all happy humans and some dogs with it hear some hungry humans beside them .
 some sad bears with a happy bear seldom see some sad dogs but it hears the human near her .
 he follows him .
 they never follow a human and a human sees her .
 a happy human sees a human until he sits .
 some dogs avoid some happy dogs .
 a bear often runs while it seldom jumps .
 a hungry dog never jumps but some bears always see all dogs .
 the bear runs and some hungry humans often jump .
 all dogs by them see them and all sad bears run .
 he runs and all humans always sit .
 they run .
 the sad dog never follows some happy humans until some hungry bears never hear all humans .
 they jump .
 a hungry bear often sees her but some happy humans with all bears avoid some happy dogs .
 a hungry dog seldom speaks .
 a happy human hears all humans near some dogs but the hungry dog always sees the hungry dog .
 some humans beside him always sit .
 he hears some dogs beside all happy dogs and a dog always runs .
 all hungry humans beside some hungry dogs always see all sad humans .
 a happy human by some happy bears sits .
 the bear with all sad bears jumps .
 the sad bear avoids them but all dogs hear the bear by a happy bear .
 the human with a human jumps until a hungry bear seldom sits .
 the hungry dog always sees some humans by a dog while they follow it .
 all happy dogs jump until she never runs .
 all humans with all happy humans never see some hungry humans while some dogs by a sad dog hear some sad dogs .
 they often speak and they see him .
 the dog follows a sad human while a human sees the dog by them .
 all happy dogs seldom run .
 it runs .
 they jump while some dogs seldom sit .
 all bears see them .
 some happy bears avoid a happy dog near some bears .
 a hungry human never hears the happy human .
 some sad dogs near him often see some dogs .
 some bears by her always follow the sad dog with her and all hungry humans near them always run .
 some sad humans always follow a sad dog but a hungry human always sees a dog .
 they never avoid some sad humans .
 all dogs see all bears .
 it jumps while a hungry dog beside him jumps .
 a dog avoids the hungry human near a happy bear .
 a dog avoids him until all sad bears with all bears never speak .
 it never runs until she avoids the dog .
 some hungry dogs often follow it .
 a human near him seldom follows all sad humans .
 all hungry bears never follow it and a hungry human sees the happy bear .
 they see her .
 all bears by some happy humans hear some humans with all bears .
 some happy humans never jump .
 it seldom runs while some dogs never jump .
 she hears a human near all humans .
 all happy bears often avoid the happy bear .
 some dogs with some happy humans never run .
 a dog beside some bears seldom jumps and all bears always speak .
 some happy humans jump .
 all dogs always see them .
 all happy bears always sit .
 the human runs until some hungry humans seldom speak .
 a human beside her always runs .
 a happy dog always runs but some hungry bears with all hungry humans seldom speak .
 all sad bears see a sad human near them while it runs .
 some bears always jump and some sad humans always jump .
 they always speak .
 all bears hear them .
 some bears by him often speak .
 a human by a bear follows some humans and all humans jump .
 he never runs .
 all happy bears run until they often jump .
 some humans often speak while all humans by some dogs always jump .
 a sad human near some hungry dogs hears the human by some hungry dogs until the dog hears them .
 the sad dog seldom jumps but they avoid them .
 the happy bear never follows a dog .
 they jump until the hungry human sees them .
 a dog jumps while they hear her .
 the dog never runs and the human by some humans hears some bears .
 it seldom hears the hungry dog near them and it sits .
 the dog jumps until she jumps .
 some hungry bears near them avoid the dog beside all bears .
 a happy human never jumps but all bears with all bears sit .
 a hungry dog by them seldom jumps and the hungry bear with some sad humans seldom jumps .
 they seldom see them until some hungry humans with the bear hear him .
 some sad bears often follow them .
 it sees all hungry bears near her .
 she always jumps .
 all humans hear them but all happy bears speak .
 a happy bear by them never runs .
 he often runs while the dog often hears some dogs .
 she never sits .
 they avoid a hungry human .
 some hungry humans always follow them while he seldom sees some sad humans .
 the hungry human never avoids all dogs .
 the human avoids some dogs .
 a human often speaks .
 the happy bear runs .
 some happy humans run until a hungry dog jumps .
 he follows them .
 a dog seldom follows it .
 some sad bears often see them .
 some humans never follow all bears until the sad dog always sits .
 he sits and the sad bear avoids them .
 the human sees all hungry humans with the hungry bear .
 the happy human seldom jumps .
 she sees a human .
 the hungry bear by a dog avoids some hungry bears by the bear and all sad bears by all humans speak .
 she often speaks but some sad dogs beside all sad bears follow them .
 the dog always hears the human by some bears but a hungry bear with the human never sees the happy dog near them .
 she jumps until some bears beside the bear hear all sad dogs near him .
 all bears speak .
 they follow them while all humans often see a dog near all hungry bears .
 a bear seldom hears all happy humans near the dog but it runs .
 some sad humans sit .
 all hungry humans run while the happy bear often runs .
 they seldom see him .
 all humans jump .
 all hungry humans near all bears follow it .
 they see the human .
 all happy dogs never jump while the human near them speaks .
 some sad humans always run until a bear near the dog avoids a hungry bear .
 some bears near them often hear all happy humans and the bear seldom speaks .
 they always run .
 he always jumps and they always jump .
 the dog runs .
 they jump and a happy bear sees some dogs .
 some hungry bears seldom jump .
 the human by some dogs follows the dog and a dog with it hears them .
 all sad humans seldom follow all humans until they always jump .
 a hungry bear sits .
 it often hears them .
 all humans by some hungry humans hear them but a hungry bear never follows it .
 some happy dogs beside them seldom speak while some hungry humans always see the hungry bear with all happy dogs .
 they speak while he often avoids them .
 a hungry dog often avoids the dog beside all dogs but the bear always follows a bear .
 all humans beside all bears jump and all dogs near some dogs speak .
 the dog with them seldom avoids them .
 the sad bear seldom speaks .
 the human often sees them but some dogs with her speak .
 they seldom see the happy human .
 all bears always jump and the sad bear avoids them .
 a hungry dog follows her until all hungry bears see them .
 some humans always follow some bears while he avoids them .
 some dogs near them often sit until they seldom hear it .
 they hear them while some sad humans often follow her .
 all hungry dogs see some humans and they always see her .
 the sad bear near them often sees her until all humans by all humans speak .
 the hungry bear sees it .
 a hungry human never follows the sad dog by them .
 they hear them but it always avoids all bears .
 she often hears her and a dog often runs .
 the happy human never runs .
 the hungry bear hears a human near it until it never follows some hungry bears .
 a sad dog hears them .
 the sad human avoids them while they seldom avoid the dog beside all sad dogs .
 some bears never hear them .
 the sad human sits but some humans never sit .
 some sad dogs beside a human run .
 some sad bears sit .
 it never follows the happy human beside the hungry dog .
 he runs .
 some sad humans near a sad bear seldom speak .
 some hungry dogs hear all humans but she seldom follows him .
 the dog often runs .
 the happy bear near her sits but a hungry bear near the happy bear runs .
 she runs until the bear often sees some happy dogs .
 they often see all happy dogs while all dogs by them speak .
 the dog jumps .
 they jump and all sad dogs see the hungry human .
 they never see all dogs but all hungry bears jump .
 some bears avoid some sad humans .
 some hungry humans speak .
 they follow all humans until all bears with the dog avoid all sad humans .
 some happy humans run while the dog runs .
 they never run .
 some humans seldom jump while the hungry bear runs .
 some dogs never follow some happy humans .
 the human jumps while she often avoids them .
 some bears beside them jump until the dog seldom avoids them .
 a happy dog sees the bear beside all bears and all sad humans never follow him .
 all dogs speak .
 some sad humans always hear them .
 they never speak .
 she seldom avoids a happy dog .
 some happy humans often run until the hungry dog by some bears hears all dogs by the hungry bear .
 it never jumps .
 all hungry bears beside some humans run .
 they always hear some sad bears and all happy humans always jump .
 some dogs beside them never see them and some hungry bears beside them never avoid her .
 a dog never sees them while it often jumps .
 all bears beside a happy human see them .
 a hungry human sees them and she follows some dogs with the bear .
 some hungry dogs often follow the sad bear while the bear beside her sees some happy humans .
 they sit .
 a hungry human with it never sees them .
 a happy dog with a dog often sees them and the sad bear seldom speaks .
 all dogs jump .
 they never jump .
 the hungry human often sees a human and the dog by the human runs .
 some sad bears seldom run until a bear never avoids them .
 all humans run while she avoids a happy bear beside them .
 some sad dogs never sit .
 they hear him .
 she often runs until it avoids them .
 it jumps .
 the hungry bear often runs .
 some dogs sit while he often follows him .
 some dogs seldom run .
 a sad human hears all dogs .
 some humans sit .
 they often avoid a sad dog .
 a dog seldom hears all dogs .
 some humans run until they often follow all dogs .
 they often sit .
 some humans by it jump until a bear near the bear seldom jumps .
 some hungry bears near some sad bears seldom avoid a bear while he seldom avoids her .
 the bear near some hungry humans never avoids it and all sad humans near some happy bears never speak .
 they seldom jump .
 a sad dog beside them hears the hungry bear by some bears while he seldom hears them .
 they often sit .
 a hungry bear always hears all dogs but all dogs seldom follow the bear beside her .
 the happy human by all humans hears all humans while a dog sees the sad human .
 she seldom hears some hungry dogs with the hungry human but all sad dogs see them .
 a hungry dog sits and all humans always follow some humans .
 they run until he hears the dog .
 a bear always hears some sad dogs while all bears jump .
 some bears seldom run .
 some hungry humans by a bear never run and all bears beside them never see her .
 all sad dogs never run but they often speak .
 some humans seldom sit .
 all happy humans often speak and it sees them .
 they speak .
 a hungry bear beside them follows the human by her .
 all dogs near the happy bear follow them .
 some bears avoid a sad bear .
 all happy humans seldom follow some hungry dogs .
 he sits .
 they often speak .
 the dog never hears all bears .
 they see some happy bears .
 all dogs sit and they hear a sad dog .
 the hungry dog sits .
 some hungry humans always hear her .
 the hungry human runs and they never run .
 they speak while some dogs near the happy dog avoid all hungry humans by her .
 all humans avoid her until some sad bears avoid the hungry bear .
 it often hears all humans beside him .
 they never follow him until a dog never sees them .
 all dogs always avoid the sad human but some happy humans always sit .
 some dogs avoid it until it never follows them .
 the happy dog beside him sees the hungry bear .
 a sad bear beside her often follows the hungry human while a sad dog by them seldom sees some happy humans near the bear .
 a sad human never follows them .
 a bear runs .
 some sad bears with the sad dog often jump while some bears run .
 a hungry human near the dog never avoids a hungry bear beside the hungry dog while a bear always jumps .
 she never speaks .
 they seldom speak while the hungry human never sees them .
 he seldom sits .
 the happy bear often speaks until some hungry dogs beside them follow a sad human near a sad dog .
 some humans never see some humans and they seldom jump .
 they speak .
 she avoids all happy humans but some bears avoid the hungry human .
 they speak while all humans jump .
 it always jumps .
 they speak until all humans speak .
 they seldom hear all bears beside a hungry bear but all happy humans with all humans seldom follow the human near them .
 the human never hears him .
 a bear often follows her but they see a dog .
 all dogs always hear a human while some bears often jump .
 they often jump .
 a happy human by it seldom avoids some sad humans but it sees the dog .
 all humans sit until all sad humans always hear them .
 the bear seldom avoids a sad human but they hear the human near a hungry human .
 all happy bears with her never jump until the hungry dog always sees all dogs .
 they see some hungry bears by the hungry dog and it runs .
 all happy dogs never hear her but a human speaks .
 some hungry humans run and all happy humans with all humans never jump .
 they hear some humans .
 all bears by a human speak until some bears near him hear them .
 it often runs but the hungry dog beside some happy humans speaks .
 a human seldom speaks .
 all hungry humans avoid them .
 the happy dog seldom runs and all happy dogs near them sit .
 they never see all sad dogs .
 she runs until all hungry bears jump .
 the sad dog sees a sad dog .
 all humans with a sad human often run until the bear with some happy humans runs .
 a bear with them avoids him .
 the bear never sits until the dog jumps .
 all happy humans follow the dog while a happy bear sees the hungry dog .
 all happy humans hear all humans but she never sees it .
 he follows it .
 a human sees some humans until they often follow all happy dogs .
 he often speaks while they often sit .
 the human with some dogs always sits .
 they never sit but the hungry dog hears some happy bears .
 some bears sit and some hungry humans avoid some hungry humans .
 a happy dog often jumps until the happy human never runs .
 the sad bear always jumps .
 some hungry dogs often run .
 all bears seldom sit .
 all hungry dogs jump until some sad bears beside them follow it .
 it avoids it and the happy bear often avoids all bears by some happy bears .
 the happy human seldom jumps but it sits .
 some happy humans seldom sit until they jump .
 he always speaks until a hungry dog never hears a hungry human beside all humans .
 she avoids them .
 the dog seldom sees some dogs by the hungry bear .
 a happy human near the dog sees the bear until the human seldom avoids them .
 a hungry human often runs .
 a sad human often runs until it runs .
 they sit .
 some hungry dogs seldom run .
 a human often jumps .
 they run .
 some bears never sit and some bears speak .
 they always speak and they hear the dog .
 a hungry bear near some hungry dogs follows a hungry bear beside the sad bear .
 a human near all bears often runs until they see a happy bear .
 all hungry dogs see a happy bear with the dog and a hungry human always avoids him .
 all sad bears seldom hear all sad humans by all hungry humans .
 all humans run .
 they follow some hungry dogs .
 they speak while they see it .
 a sad dog beside it sees the bear with the dog until all sad dogs speak .
 it never avoids a sad human .
 they hear all bears .
 a sad dog seldom speaks until the dog always speaks .
 a human always avoids a happy dog with them and some happy dogs never jump .
 they see them .
 a sad bear avoids the sad bear until a dog with some bears avoids them .
 she jumps .
 all happy bears by a human sit but a dog seldom runs .
 some sad humans run while the dog near some happy dogs follows all sad humans beside the human .
 they often speak .
 the hungry dog hears some bears and all happy dogs with a happy dog often jump .
 a human with them always avoids some bears with the sad bear until a sad dog runs .
 a hungry dog sits .
 a dog never sees all bears and they avoid it .
 the happy human hears a dog .
 all happy dogs sit .
 some bears seldom sit .
 she always speaks until he never speaks .
 they often hear the sad human near the hungry dog .
 all dogs by the sad bear never hear them .
 they follow them .
 a sad bear seldom speaks while all sad dogs always follow some bears by a sad bear .
 it never jumps while they often jump .
 the human near some sad humans sits but all hungry humans avoid all bears by a human .
 a dog runs and they often avoid all sad dogs .
 a human sees some happy dogs and the dog jumps .
 he hears a sad human until all humans beside all hungry humans run .
 some humans near a hungry dog see them and they always jump .
 a happy dog sees some sad dogs near her until they never run .
 it follows some humans by a bear .
 the sad bear never sees the happy bear and all sad bears near them sit .
 he speaks and the sad dog seldom avoids the dog .
 the dog never avoids the sad human .
 all happy dogs seldom speak .
 some sad bears avoid them .
 a hungry bear beside the sad dog always avoids some sad bears with a sad bear while all dogs avoid all humans near her .
 he always avoids some hungry bears .
 all bears follow the bear near her .
 all bears beside it follow them but all sad dogs jump .
 the dog never avoids a hungry dog but they run .
 they run while the human often jumps .
 all happy humans see the bear while the hungry bear by all humans seldom hears the human near a bear .
 they speak .
 the happy human sits and she never hears it .
 a bear follows some hungry dogs and some dogs sit .
 he often follows a sad bear .
 a human seldom sits .
 some sad bears speak .
 a sad human hears some dogs and all bears speak .
 some humans near the bear run .
 all happy bears always jump .
 he sits .
 all dogs beside him seldom jump while some hungry bears often speak .
 the bear seldom sees them .
 some dogs by her seldom follow all dogs while the hungry bear follows them .
 all happy dogs never speak while he follows the human .
 the sad dog near it often jumps .
 they follow a happy human .
 he always hears some happy bears by a dog .
 a bear often jumps and a sad bear always follows a happy bear .
 some bears near them often follow all humans with a bear but a bear runs .
 all happy humans never run .
 they often see some happy dogs until it avoids a bear .
 they see a happy human near him .
 all sad dogs avoid the hungry bear .
 it never runs while a human by them always sees it .
 all hungry dogs by a human always hear them .
 he runs .
 it sees all humans .
 he never speaks but they always run .
 all happy humans speak .
 some humans jump but a happy bear near a hungry human always hears them .
 it avoids the hungry human beside some humans but she never speaks .
 a happy dog runs .
 they follow all bears with all humans .
 the hungry bear with all dogs jumps .
 the sad bear by a bear never follows the human and some hungry dogs speak .
 he hears some happy humans beside a hungry human until some sad dogs see a bear beside the human .
 a hungry dog beside a sad dog speaks .
 some humans see the sad bear .
 the dog often jumps .
 they sit .
 some hungry bears near them speak and a hungry dog always runs .
 a hungry dog seldom sits but they hear all happy dogs .
 he often sees some bears by the hungry human .
 the hungry dog near a hungry dog always hears a dog by a happy bear while the human with the hungry bear follows some humans by a human .
 the human avoids some bears .
 all hungry bears seldom see the bear .
 all humans by it often run until all sad humans with it seldom sit .
 all happy humans near the human sit while they follow some humans by some sad bears .
 she avoids the bear beside some hungry dogs but some humans follow her .
 all sad humans near the hungry bear sit .
 it always jumps but they never see a bear with them .
 some bears jump .
 some dogs seldom speak while it sits .
 it never jumps until a human follows them .
 they see them .
 some happy dogs near all hungry humans run .
 they always run .
 they see them and all happy dogs by a hungry bear sit .
 all sad bears near some dogs always follow the sad bear while the dog with them never runs .
 all hungry dogs by the dog seldom follow the human by some hungry humans .
 they run and some humans run .
 he always sits .
 a human with some bears speaks and all happy humans beside her jump .
 the happy human jumps until it never runs .
 he sits .
 all sad dogs beside him hear them .
 it seldom jumps .
 a dog runs and a happy human speaks .
 the bear runs .
 all bears sit but all dogs often sit .
 a bear always sits until a bear beside a hungry human always hears a human .
 they never avoid all hungry bears .
 she always runs and they always speak .
 the human always avoids some happy dogs by her .
 all hungry humans near some happy humans never hear them and some bears by it sit .
 some dogs beside it speak while she always hears some hungry humans .
 some humans jump until a hungry bear beside the hungry bear never follows it .
 he avoids some dogs and all hungry bears beside a hungry dog see all happy humans .
 they often jump and the hungry bear with it seldom runs .
 a happy bear never runs and some sad dogs jump .
 they often see some humans near a happy dog while she speaks .
 she jumps while a happy bear seldom follows all dogs .
 the human sits .
 a human never jumps .
 they jump and the bear seldom hears all hungry humans .
 some sad bears always see all bears .
 he always jumps until they hear all bears .
 all hungry bears hear some sad dogs and the dog speaks .
 all sad dogs near the bear always follow all happy humans but she avoids them .
 the human with a dog hears them .
 they follow all hungry bears .
 all humans beside him often see the human .
 some happy humans beside them always see all dogs while they follow her .
 some hungry dogs near a sad human speak while a human seldom avoids all dogs .
 she sits .
 it sits .
 they run while it seldom runs .
 some hungry dogs beside a dog seldom jump .
 all sad dogs always hear all hungry humans .
 the hungry bear sees some humans .
 some humans never sit .
 the dog by some happy humans always speaks while they never hear all sad bears .
 some sad dogs with a sad human often avoid a hungry dog by it while all dogs beside them often sit .
 they sit and all sad bears near it seldom jump .
 some sad humans beside the bear always sit until all humans sit .
 all humans follow it but a happy bear runs .
 he hears them .
 some sad bears always see the happy dog until all bears see all bears .
 they sit .
 a dog seldom hears some happy dogs .
 the bear sits but all sad bears by the dog run .
 they run .
 the sad bear by some humans seldom follows some dogs but all humans seldom avoid the sad dog .
 the bear by her runs while a dog always runs .
 they sit and they never jump .
 the sad bear with the happy bear runs .
 all humans never sit but they always hear all happy bears near him .
 all bears with some humans never jump and some happy bears seldom follow the bear beside all sad dogs .
 they never sit and some dogs by some happy bears follow the sad dog near all hungry bears .
 all hungry bears beside all dogs avoid a happy human with all hungry bears while the human sits .
 they avoid some sad bears by it .
 they follow them .
 all humans avoid it .
 the dog often avoids all hungry humans while all bears with a human see them .
 a dog with them avoids some dogs and all sad humans seldom avoid a happy human .
 they never hear them .
 all sad humans by him hear all dogs and they sit .
 some sad dogs near all dogs always hear some hungry humans while a human near a bear sits .
 a bear by them hears the human with the sad human while it often jumps .
 the sad bear by the bear avoids it .
 all bears always jump .
 they follow her while they always hear them .
 all sad humans always avoid them and some dogs hear the human .
 a human sits while all bears with a sad dog hear all bears .
 the bear hears the bear until a happy human runs .
 they always hear him and all happy humans by them never see a bear .
 they always follow a dog .
 a bear hears some humans near a hungry dog .
 the bear by her always sees them until some dogs by all dogs speak .
 the human follows all sad humans .
 the sad bear beside some sad bears avoids the hungry bear .
 some humans follow them .
 some hungry humans never sit .
 a bear jumps .
 they sit while he speaks .
 some sad humans see the bear .
 all hungry bears run but the sad dog always hears the human .
 some hungry humans near them jump but they always see all bears with a happy dog .
 it jumps but the happy dog never follows some dogs .
 all humans often sit but they always hear all dogs .
 the dog beside them often hears them until a bear sees some sad bears .
 the hungry dog runs while the human follows them .
 they always speak .
 the sad dog always avoids some hungry dogs while they never avoid him .
 they never hear her .
 they hear a happy bear beside her .
 they run .
 it sits .
 the happy dog follows them .
 all humans beside all hungry bears never hear him .
 he often speaks while a dog often jumps .
 they always avoid her while a sad bear speaks .
 some bears with the sad human avoid them and she jumps .
 a human with them sees it .
 it sees a sad human .
 all hungry bears never sit .
 the bear seldom hears the dog by a hungry dog .
 all dogs by her see some happy humans until they sit .
 all sad dogs seldom avoid some humans near her .
 it sees all happy humans while all hungry humans often avoid them .
 some hungry bears often speak .
 all happy dogs never sit .
 some dogs near a hungry dog often follow some humans beside it .
 they hear all dogs with all happy dogs but some humans by the sad dog seldom see the sad bear .
 she sits until the sad dog never follows them .
 all sad humans seldom see them while a human near some hungry humans seldom speaks .
 they always see them but she always avoids them .
 a sad human near them hears a dog .
 all hungry humans beside them see the dog .
 a hungry dog with it sits .
 she speaks but it never speaks .
 all sad humans with the sad dog always speak .
 the happy human follows a hungry human beside them and she runs .
 the hungry dog runs while all sad bears seldom follow him .
 all sad bears run .
 a bear beside it follows her .
 all humans by some hungry dogs hear some humans .
 all dogs see her until the sad human beside all bears sits .
 he always avoids a hungry human .
 they always follow some humans .
 a happy dog avoids them .
 she seldom speaks but the hungry human near it never jumps .
 the dog follows some sad bears near the happy dog while the happy dog near a happy bear never sees all happy bears .
 they speak while some sad dogs beside some sad humans jump .
 he speaks .
 a hungry human follows them but he follows all hungry bears .
 he runs .
 they run .
 they always run .
 some happy dogs always follow her .
 a happy human seldom runs .
 the bear sees a human .
 she seldom follows a dog .
 it seldom sees some hungry bears and he seldom avoids them .
 some sad bears always speak .
 the hungry human seldom avoids him but they never jump .
 a hungry dog always jumps but a dog with him speaks .
 it runs while some humans always hear them .
 a happy bear runs but the hungry human by it seldom speaks .
 they run .
 all happy dogs near them avoid a hungry bear .
 a bear never hears some sad bears .
 a bear sits and some hungry dogs always hear all bears beside all hungry dogs .
 some sad bears seldom hear all humans .
 the hungry dog near all sad bears jumps .
 it often avoids some dogs until it runs .
 all happy humans always see the dog beside the hungry bear .
 a human by them never hears all humans .
 all happy dogs never hear all happy dogs .
 she seldom avoids it .
 they often jump but the dog speaks .
 all hungry bears never follow her while it seldom hears the hungry bear with some hungry humans .
 she sees a happy human .
 they avoid all sad bears with him .
 some hungry humans near some sad dogs never follow them .
 all bears see it .
 all happy dogs sit and some happy humans by all happy humans sit .
 they seldom sit .
 some dogs seldom follow all dogs with all sad humans .
 a dog beside them jumps until she speaks .
 some humans speak .
 a hungry human sees all hungry humans near some humans but some sad dogs near her seldom jump .
 they always hear some sad humans .
 the happy human seldom sees some happy humans until they seldom avoid them .
 they always jump .
 all dogs with some humans seldom speak while they see some humans .
 some hungry bears often jump but some bears hear some hungry bears .
 some humans never run .
 a dog jumps .
 a hungry dog with a bear often avoids some humans and a bear seldom hears them .
 all bears speak while it runs .
 the sad bear always sits .
 the sad human often follows the human by them .
 she often sits .
 the bear never follows her and all happy humans hear all happy humans .
 the dog runs and the sad bear sits .
 the human always sits while a sad dog by some sad humans sits .
 some sad humans speak .
 some bears always run .
 she often follows a hungry dog with all bears .
 some hungry dogs speak while the dog never avoids it .
 a bear jumps .
 some happy humans by him follow the sad bear .
 they often speak .
 all bears by the bear seldom hear a bear until a happy bear often follows her .
 they avoid some dogs by all dogs and she speaks .
 some happy bears see all hungry dogs .
 a sad dog sees all sad bears and a bear beside all dogs seldom runs .
 they sit while some humans sit .
 it often follows the hungry human and the happy dog beside the bear often follows some bears .
 some happy humans follow them .
 he always hears some happy humans beside them until he sits .
 a hungry human seldom follows some dogs .
 some bears with it avoid him .
 some sad dogs never see some dogs .
 a human with the dog sits while all dogs seldom run .
 it sits .
 she speaks .
 some happy dogs with a human run .
 a dog by a happy human often speaks while a happy dog runs .
 all humans avoid all humans .
 they sit .
 she never sits .
 a sad human beside all bears avoids all happy dogs .
 the sad human avoids the sad bear and some bears by all sad dogs jump .
 it never follows a human but he never avoids them .
 some happy dogs follow them but they never follow all bears .
 it seldom sits until the bear speaks .
 the bear seldom follows them and she sees the human .
 a human always jumps .
 all dogs seldom follow the hungry human while some sad humans always sit .
 he seldom runs .
 a dog never runs .
 the dog never runs while a happy dog beside all happy dogs speaks .
 the hungry human runs until the hungry bear speaks .
 it hears the hungry dog but all dogs by it see all humans .
 a happy bear with them hears the hungry human beside the happy bear .
 some dogs beside some bears hear her but he sees a sad bear near them .
 some hungry bears beside some humans speak until all humans beside them never run .
 they seldom jump .
 the sad dog by him speaks .
 all sad bears avoid him .
 they avoid all dogs while all bears near some happy humans never jump .
 some hungry dogs near them follow all sad humans while the dog with him seldom follows some humans with them .
 the sad dog near it seldom sits while the sad dog sits .
 some humans with the happy dog never avoid all bears .
 they always sit .
 a sad human always runs .
 he always avoids a sad human .
 he always hears it .
 a happy human beside all humans sees all hungry humans near the hungry dog .
 the dog avoids them while all dogs beside a human sit .
 some sad bears jump but some hungry bears by them avoid her .
 it jumps .
 a dog beside the bear sees some bears but he always runs .
 the bear seldom follows him .
 the happy human often sees a hungry bear near a hungry dog while they always avoid them .
 she follows the hungry dog with some humans but all bears never sit .
 a dog speaks .
 he often speaks .
 it often sits and a dog beside a happy bear sits .
 a bear often hears all sad dogs .
 he avoids the human until a sad dog speaks .
 the happy dog sits until they seldom follow the happy dog with all happy dogs .
 a sad bear by them jumps .
 some sad bears speak and some sad dogs speak .
 the sad dog seldom sits .
 they follow a human beside a happy bear while it follows them .
 a human sits .
 a dog near them runs and some hungry dogs never run .
 she always avoids them .
 the happy dog hears it .
 the bear hears a hungry bear beside all humans .
 some humans seldom hear all hungry humans .
 a dog sees the dog .
 a human seldom jumps while she often avoids all dogs .
 some bears with them hear her but some sad humans never sit .
 it avoids some humans with a hungry human while a happy bear often sees a sad bear beside them .
 a human sees them but the sad human with them never jumps .
 a bear near the bear seldom speaks .
 they jump .
 the happy bear seldom avoids them while they never hear the human .
 some bears speak .
 it often runs but some sad humans seldom hear some bears .
 some sad dogs near a human always speak until a happy bear with the human runs .
 all dogs avoid them until the bear follows them .
 she often hears the dog .
 all hungry dogs jump .
 some dogs seldom see all happy bears near a dog .
 she seldom avoids the happy bear until all sad dogs often see the bear .
 a bear speaks .
 the bear by some sad dogs jumps but some happy humans often speak .
 a human runs and all hungry humans with all sad humans follow the hungry bear .
 he often sees all humans but some hungry humans follow him .
 the bear near all happy bears always speaks .
 a hungry human with them never hears the hungry human but the bear with the sad dog avoids the happy dog .
 all sad bears always hear him until they often follow all dogs .
 the happy bear hears some humans with all humans until all dogs with some bears avoid the dog with them .
 she often avoids them until all sad bears seldom speak .
 all dogs often hear a sad dog with it but a dog hears him .
 all bears beside the bear seldom hear them .
 a hungry dog near him always speaks until all sad humans always follow all bears .
 all humans avoid all hungry bears while the hungry human follows some bears .
 a sad bear speaks but he hears all sad humans .
 some bears run and all dogs near a bear always jump .
 all dogs never sit and it often runs .
 some dogs see them .
 some hungry bears see the happy dog by all dogs while she follows a human .
 they always run .
 some hungry humans by the human jump .
 it seldom speaks and all sad bears often jump .
 the dog beside them speaks and some humans always speak .
 he follows the sad bear .
 they never speak until some bears never hear all hungry bears .
 they never jump until the happy dog near her jumps .
 they always speak and she seldom runs .
 the sad human sits until a human sees them .
 he seldom sits and a human near the hungry dog avoids the happy dog near it .
 a human seldom speaks and a happy bear by some hungry bears hears him .
 they always speak .
 the happy bear by a sad bear follows all hungry humans .
 he runs .
 a bear by some dogs speaks and it seldom jumps .
 they often run .
 the happy dog sits .
 all happy humans hear all sad dogs with all hungry dogs until it never runs .
 a happy human with the dog never hears all sad dogs .
 they jump .
 it always speaks .
 it sees them .
 a happy human seldom sits .
 some dogs run .
 he always sits .
 they always see a human by the hungry human .
 they seldom follow them .
 the happy dog near a dog always hears them .
 the bear always speaks but she speaks .
 they always avoid all happy humans with it .
 the human runs until the sad dog beside all happy dogs always follows a human .
 he seldom avoids some dogs while the sad bear beside the human always hears some dogs by a hungry dog .
 all hungry humans with the hungry dog seldom avoid them .
 the bear by some humans never sits but some sad bears follow it .
 some bears near them speak but all sad humans always run .
 some hungry humans always run while they run .
 some happy dogs hear the human with her .
 she jumps but it avoids the sad dog with a bear .
 the sad human near them runs but a sad dog never jumps .
 they jump .
 the dog near them seldom speaks .
 all dogs beside a dog always hear the hungry bear near a sad dog .
 all bears near some hungry dogs seldom jump .
 some sad bears hear a happy human beside the human .
 it never sees a hungry bear .
 he hears them until she always sees them .
 a happy dog never sits .
 they never jump while all happy dogs by all humans sit .
 he hears some humans .
 she avoids them .
 all hungry humans see some happy dogs .
 he often speaks .
 all bears run and it never sees some sad humans by some humans .
 it speaks .
 some sad humans never speak while it sees a happy dog .
 all happy bears never follow them .
 all hungry humans hear a sad dog with the sad human .
 the sad dog hears them but a bear with the hungry dog seldom sees all hungry dogs with the happy bear .
 a hungry human beside her seldom avoids some sad bears with all dogs while they seldom see some bears near all hungry dogs .
 the dog jumps .
 she always sits .
 they always see some sad humans near all humans while some humans never avoid some hungry bears with some humans .
 the happy bear sees them .
 all happy humans see them .
 the bear never sits .
 it always runs .
 he hears all sad humans .
 all happy dogs with all hungry bears never follow all happy bears .
 he always avoids a happy bear with the hungry dog and all happy dogs jump .
 all hungry humans run and all sad bears avoid them .
 a sad dog by some sad bears always sees the sad dog beside it .
 some hungry dogs often follow the dog .
 a dog with some bears always avoids her while she hears her .
 it always jumps .
 all hungry dogs follow them and all humans see all happy dogs .
 she speaks and all hungry bears run .
 a hungry bear sees him .
 the dog near some dogs never avoids some hungry dogs beside all happy bears until it seldom runs .
 a happy dog by them sees some hungry bears .
 a dog near the bear always hears some sad bears .
 they jump while a happy bear sits .
 it seldom avoids the happy bear while the happy dog seldom speaks .
 some happy humans always follow all sad bears .
 a hungry bear seldom sits .
 they seldom speak and they hear some sad dogs .
 some hungry bears with some happy dogs run .
 a happy bear always jumps but a hungry dog follows some sad dogs by the sad dog .
 all happy bears near some hungry dogs sit .
 she sees them .
 some bears near the hungry human often run .
 the happy human seldom sees some dogs with her until they never follow the happy dog .
 a human near some dogs jumps .
 they hear them until all sad dogs always hear all hungry dogs .
 the bear follows some happy dogs .
 the hungry human always sits until a happy dog speaks .
 a bear jumps until the bear by a hungry dog jumps .
 the hungry bear by them runs and he always sees them .
 the bear avoids him .
 he sees it .
 it runs .
 a dog never sees some dogs and all hungry dogs near them speak .
 the sad bear always speaks and it follows them .
 they follow the human .
 they jump .
 a hungry bear sees him and some happy dogs often jump .
 a hungry bear never jumps but a human with her sits .
 it never runs until they see a hungry human .
 all dogs near them often jump .
 all humans beside the human often speak but the happy dog beside them never jumps .
 some sad bears see a hungry human while they always hear a happy bear by all hungry humans .
 it hears a happy dog .
 they seldom run .
 the sad bear beside the happy human avoids a sad bear .
 all bears near him avoid it until a happy human beside them sees some sad dogs .
 some hungry dogs see them .
 the happy dog jumps .
 some bears follow them .
 the happy human always runs .
 he never speaks .
 the dog beside all humans often avoids them .
 a dog often follows them .
 they seldom hear them .
 he sits .
 the dog near a bear sees the bear .
 a human near him seldom avoids it but a human often sees them .
 a dog with the sad dog sits but the happy dog often sits .
 all sad dogs near some sad dogs seldom sit .
 they avoid them while it sits .
 a sad bear follows them .
 a happy human sees them until some humans follow some dogs .
 she seldom speaks until all sad humans by him speak .
 they often sit .
 a dog always avoids a sad dog by the dog while it always avoids all sad bears .
 some dogs jump .
 all dogs often follow a bear but some hungry dogs seldom see all bears .
 a hungry bear seldom runs .
 some dogs never jump while they never sit .
 the human near all bears avoids a bear by the hungry dog .
 the human seldom speaks but it always runs .
 all dogs beside a happy dog hear all bears near it until a dog always sits .
 a happy dog never hears a hungry dog until all humans with all humans jump .
 he sees a happy dog .
 the human with them sits until some happy humans beside some happy bears often run .
 she sees a bear .
 all bears beside it run .
 a sad human runs .
 all bears often follow her .
 it follows them but they seldom hear him .
 it follows some bears .
 all dogs never run .
 it hears the hungry bear .
 all dogs never run .
 some humans sit .
 all bears always avoid him and some bears never sit .
 it runs until he often sits .
 it speaks .
 some sad bears jump until the hungry bear with some humans speaks .
 it always speaks until some bears by all humans follow them .
 they hear the happy bear beside some humans .
 they jump but the human often sits .
 all humans hear them until a bear by a sad bear never speaks .
 all dogs seldom avoid them .
 a bear avoids all humans near the human while the sad human with the dog avoids him .
 the happy human often jumps but she often sits .
 all dogs never hear a hungry bear by all sad dogs .
 they speak .
 some hungry bears by all bears jump and some dogs with them always hear a human .
 a happy bear seldom sits .
 it speaks .
 all bears always run and the human hears him .
 some sad humans never sit .
 he jumps .
 some dogs avoid the bear by them .
 they never speak and some humans with it seldom follow a human .
 some humans hear him .
 some humans often avoid the dog while they follow the happy human beside the sad bear .
 it hears a happy dog and all humans near a bear never speak .
 they run .
 they hear a human until she never follows a human beside them .
 all hungry bears run .
 they often jump .
 the human never sits .
 all bears sit and a dog always speaks .
 all sad humans never hear them while some humans run .
 some hungry bears by them never follow them .
 a human often jumps until a hungry dog by it avoids a bear .
 a hungry human beside a human avoids a hungry human with the sad dog until a sad dog speaks .
 he often avoids all happy dogs .
 they jump until all humans hear them .
 the happy bear follows the human .
 they speak .
 the hungry dog runs .
 the dog with the hungry human often sits and they often speak .
 they see them .
 the sad bear sits .
 some hungry bears often avoid a dog until all happy humans near them often sit .
 a sad human never jumps until some happy bears by them seldom follow a happy dog .
 he never hears some sad dogs near a bear until it always runs .
 some hungry humans with it run .
 some sad bears near some hungry humans speak .
 all humans near them seldom follow a human and a sad human jumps .
 they never run but a bear seldom speaks .
 a sad human always follows them and he seldom follows some hungry humans .
 they never hear some hungry bears .
 some dogs always avoid all bears and a hungry dog often speaks .
 a hungry bear beside it seldom follows him but some hungry bears often speak .
 some bears see them while it always sees it .
 a bear near the human hears some sad dogs .
 some hungry dogs near the happy bear avoid some sad humans .
 some sad bears speak and a happy human near a hungry human sits .
 a human often speaks .
 they never jump .
 all happy humans follow it and some sad dogs by some hungry bears sit .
 all happy dogs never sit .
 they follow them but they always speak .
 a hungry dog often sees them and they follow him .
 they seldom see the hungry bear beside some sad bears and they always see the sad dog .
 the sad dog never runs .
 some humans always hear her until they seldom run .
 the sad dog never sees the dog until she often runs .
 the sad bear hears her while they hear it .
 he sees all hungry bears .
 they seldom hear all dogs but all hungry bears always speak .
 he follows the sad human .
 they follow the bear but some dogs beside the sad dog follow them .
 a dog always sees them until it never follows the sad human .
 they never follow all humans until all happy humans always run .
 he sits .
 a happy dog seldom speaks .
 all bears near all humans never avoid a happy human near all hungry bears and he hears the happy human with a sad bear .
 it runs but a human often sits .
 she follows him .
 all humans follow some hungry dogs .
 some hungry bears speak .
 all bears jump but some hungry dogs sit .
 some bears beside a dog sit .
 they hear the human .
 some bears beside all dogs never hear some bears but they often run .
 a human by them sits .
 all dogs seldom sit while some happy humans jump .
 he seldom sits .
 some humans always see the sad human .
 a bear avoids some bears .
 they often jump .
 the hungry bear seldom hears the bear near a dog until some sad humans with a sad dog avoid some humans by some bears .
 all bears near the happy bear jump .
 some happy dogs speak .
 the bear always sees the human .
 all happy dogs jump and the bear never hears all sad humans .
 the sad human sees the human with the hungry dog until some hungry bears always speak .
 a happy human often runs while the hungry bear always jumps .
 some dogs never hear them until he sees all humans .
 it often avoids them and all bears hear all dogs .
 all humans with them always avoid all bears .
 all happy humans hear it while all happy humans hear all dogs .
 some sad dogs avoid her .
 some hungry bears see all hungry bears near a human .
 some happy bears jump .
 it seldom sits .
 the hungry human often jumps and all humans beside all bears never jump .
 some humans with the human seldom hear him .
 it avoids some bears but she hears them .
 it follows some happy dogs beside some sad bears while he sits .
 she hears all dogs beside a happy bear .
 a sad human speaks but a happy human near some sad humans speaks .
 some humans seldom jump .
 a sad human near her seldom avoids him and all sad bears avoid a bear .
 they hear all happy bears by all hungry dogs .
 a hungry bear hears it but he follows them .
 the hungry dog often hears some humans .
 the happy human follows them .
 they never run .
 he always avoids the hungry bear and all dogs with all happy humans often speak .
 all bears avoid the dog .
 some bears never sit and some sad humans often jump .
 they hear a dog .
 a sad human always sees all dogs by a hungry human .
 all humans sit .
 a sad dog beside all dogs always avoids all hungry bears but they never hear a hungry human beside the human .
 some hungry dogs by some sad humans always see all dogs beside some hungry dogs but the sad human near them always sits .
 a sad dog avoids a bear while all dogs jump .
 they see it .
 all bears never sit until the human avoids all bears .
 they sit .
 the sad human beside her often runs but she jumps .
 the sad bear with the hungry dog follows them and a happy bear beside some dogs never hears all hungry bears beside a dog .
 the bear beside a sad bear often sits .
 it seldom sits .
 the dog sits until all happy dogs often see a dog by her .
 it runs until the human speaks .
 all dogs seldom see all humans with a dog .
 the sad dog follows all hungry humans but she always sits .
 a bear always sees them .
 some dogs seldom sit .
 a dog seldom sits .
 some humans beside the hungry human run .
 some sad bears often see a bear by a sad human while the sad dog hears a hungry dog .
 all hungry dogs never sit until they always follow a human .
 the hungry human avoids the sad human .
 a sad human always sits .
 some hungry dogs often see him .
 it hears some bears near the hungry dog .
 some sad dogs by the sad dog run while a dog avoids them .
 the hungry bear sees the sad bear with a hungry bear .
 a hungry human avoids a hungry dog .
 the happy human avoids them and all dogs avoid it .
 all dogs sit .
 all hungry humans often avoid them .
 they always follow the human but it often speaks .
 some humans often hear a sad human .
 the human sits .
 she sees all dogs but some sad bears jump .
 some bears near them speak until all hungry bears hear all hungry dogs .
 a hungry bear near all sad bears never sits .
 a happy human with the human often hears them .
 they jump while a dog never avoids it .
 they often avoid all sad bears with them and they avoid the bear beside the happy human .
 she never avoids a hungry dog while the dog with some humans avoids some bears beside it .
 some humans follow it .
 they seldom see it .
 all humans never hear a hungry bear .
 a dog with some dogs jumps .
 they often avoid them while all bears seldom jump .
 they never speak but they always speak .
 it seldom hears the human by her .
 they always follow all happy bears .
 she avoids her .
 they see all bears .
 he runs and the happy bear with them often follows them .
 all sad humans never sit and some humans near the sad human run .
 some humans always follow all hungry dogs but all hungry dogs always speak .
 a happy human beside some hungry dogs speaks .
 she runs but some bears near the bear jump .
 she sits .
 it speaks .
 all dogs sit .
 the bear always follows a sad bear while a hungry dog seldom speaks .
 some bears never speak .
 a sad human hears them and the human by the sad bear often sits .
 the dog near them never sees the dog near him .
 he always sits .
 they never speak .
 she never sees a happy dog while they see him .
 the human by some hungry bears hears them .
 some hungry bears see it and the human beside some dogs sits .
 they follow some dogs until the human beside them sees some sad dogs near all happy bears .
 all bears often run and it sits .
 some sad dogs beside her see some happy dogs .
 they never run while he sits .
 a sad bear by a happy human avoids the sad dog near some happy humans but all hungry bears follow some bears near some humans .
 all bears often speak but she always sits .
 all bears beside him often hear some sad bears by a hungry human .
 they always hear them .
 she hears it and some dogs never hear some happy humans .
 some bears never speak .
 all sad bears seldom run and some hungry humans follow them .
 they follow them .
 a hungry human near them always runs .
 the hungry bear near some humans never sits .
 all dogs seldom follow all humans .
 they often avoid some happy bears beside them while she speaks .
 all dogs seldom follow them until a hungry human often speaks .
 she seldom speaks .
 the bear avoids her .
 a sad human hears him while a human jumps .
 the hungry bear seldom sees the hungry human near a human .
 a dog speaks but a hungry dog sees him .
 it never avoids them .
 all sad dogs with a happy dog always see the hungry dog near the bear .
 the sad dog with the dog sits but some humans never hear some humans .
 a dog often sees the hungry dog by her while some hungry bears follow a dog .
 the bear always jumps while they see all sad humans .
 they sit while some happy bears with all bears seldom hear all humans .
 the human by them seldom sees some humans near the human while the happy bear jumps .
 the happy dog beside some dogs runs .
 some humans beside some humans never avoid a hungry human .
 all hungry dogs beside some humans seldom speak while some happy bears see the dog .
 all hungry bears avoid a hungry dog by a sad bear and all bears avoid some bears with him .
 the dog never sees some dogs .
 it avoids them while the human seldom jumps .
 they always follow the sad bear and all bears follow some happy bears by him .
 a sad dog follows all dogs near all dogs and a human beside them sits .
 they see some happy dogs while she never follows them .
 all humans seldom sit .
 they jump but the happy bear never avoids the bear .
 all humans by them jump .
 a bear follows some sad humans by a hungry human but some humans beside it never run .
 some hungry humans by all sad humans often sit .
 it often jumps until she always sits .
 all sad dogs run until some bears by the bear sit .
 they often avoid all dogs beside all bears .
 the bear avoids a sad dog .
 some happy dogs hear a happy bear with the dog but a human beside all bears sees a dog with them .
 they jump but all bears beside them often sit .
 some happy dogs follow her .
 she seldom jumps while some sad dogs seldom avoid a sad dog .
 some dogs jump .
 all sad humans run while they follow them .
 the hungry bear seldom hears some humans and she always sees some happy bears beside the human .
 they often sit .
 some happy bears near a hungry human never follow her while some dogs always avoid some humans .
 they never jump .
 they never jump until all bears with a dog never follow all happy bears with them .
 all hungry bears always avoid them until she always sits .
 it often avoids all sad bears but all dogs see all hungry bears .
 a sad human sees the human .
 he sees them .
 some humans by them sit .
 all dogs always avoid a hungry dog and all hungry bears jump .
 it follows them until some bears often hear all sad humans .
 all happy bears follow all sad dogs .
 he avoids all dogs until a bear with all bears hears them .
 they speak .
 they speak .
 the dog seldom sits .
 it follows a hungry dog near a hungry dog .
 it always hears it .
 the bear often hears all dogs until she sees some happy humans .
 they follow the bear until they follow him .
 the sad human with him follows some sad bears but all dogs hear some hungry humans .
 the human by some happy dogs never sees him .
 she seldom follows all bears while the human often speaks .
 they see the dog .
 some bears follow the sad dog .
 all bears avoid them and it seldom runs .
 the dog hears a bear while he often speaks .
 some sad dogs always speak but the dog with a hungry bear sees them .
 they never speak and some dogs beside him run .
 she sees them .
 a sad dog hears all humans .
 all happy bears seldom hear her .
 a human seldom hears a human with all humans .
 some happy dogs seldom hear some dogs near all sad dogs .
 all happy dogs hear some dogs .
 a hungry bear by a happy bear always sees her .
 all humans with him never avoid the dog until all hungry humans jump .
 some dogs beside all happy dogs speak .
 a happy dog runs .
 all bears by all humans sit and it runs .
 some dogs near a sad human follow the dog near a hungry human .
 some hungry humans beside the sad human seldom jump while they seldom run .
 they avoid the hungry dog .
 they see the bear while it sits .
 all sad bears always run .
 they seldom hear all dogs but all happy bears jump .
 some humans run .
 it sees some hungry bears by all dogs .
 a dog near them never jumps and the hungry bear always jumps .
 some sad dogs by all hungry dogs see some hungry bears but she seldom runs .
 all sad dogs with it often follow him .
 it jumps until a happy human seldom hears all bears near the happy human .
 they follow the hungry human .
 they never see a bear .
 they always jump .
 some happy bears seldom see them while all dogs speak .
 the human speaks and all bears speak .
 some hungry humans beside the happy dog seldom hear the happy bear until a bear hears them .
 the hungry human runs .
 the dog near all hungry humans never runs .
 all bears beside the dog sit but all hungry dogs often sit .
 all dogs hear some humans and she sits .
 some humans seldom run .
 the human sits and some bears jump .
 all sad dogs sit .
 they run .
 he never jumps .
 some hungry humans near it seldom speak but some humans run .
 all dogs often see her until some hungry bears beside them never sit .
 they often run until all humans with them always sit .
 she jumps and the bear often hears him .
 they follow him .
 the sad dog near them often speaks .
 all bears near all humans never run .
 a hungry dog with some dogs seldom jumps .
 some dogs by some dogs often run .
 some humans never speak .
 the human sees a happy dog with some hungry bears until she jumps .
 they always run .
 all hungry dogs run .
 some bears speak until all dogs avoid all bears .
 they run but she always jumps .
 the sad bear avoids some humans until a happy human with some dogs seldom sees the human .
 a hungry bear with the human speaks .
 she seldom sees some hungry bears near the human .
 he seldom speaks .
 all happy bears run until all happy humans run .
 they see all dogs beside some happy dogs .
 some sad bears beside it see them .
 the bear sits .
 the bear never jumps and it always avoids the sad bear .
 a human always sees some bears and they follow all dogs .
 some humans often speak but some dogs with the hungry bear never hear all hungry dogs .
 all sad humans avoid a human by some hungry humans but a sad dog jumps .
 he runs while all sad humans always hear all hungry humans by the dog .
 some humans never speak .
 she always avoids her .
 all sad bears near the hungry human always run until the hungry dog seldom runs .
 all bears always see a dog .
 the bear with her seldom hears a bear .
 it speaks while a happy dog jumps .
 some humans often avoid them until some happy humans never run .
 the human always sees them while she sees some sad dogs near a happy bear .
 the happy human never runs but some humans often jump .
 the human always sees it .
 all hungry dogs with all hungry humans always see all bears by the bear .
 some happy dogs always see them and they often speak .
 they often avoid the sad bear .
 the dog often speaks .
 a happy dog near all humans sees the sad dog .
 some bears by them always run .
 all happy bears hear the dog near all happy humans but it always speaks .
 they seldom see all bears .
 they never see the sad human .
 the dog with a dog always hears it .
 it always avoids some bears .
 she always sits .
 they follow a bear while some hungry humans hear some dogs .
 the sad dog beside her jumps until some sad dogs often run .
 all sad dogs always run until it always follows her .
 a hungry dog always avoids them .
 they follow a happy bear .
 some humans jump .
 a human avoids some hungry dogs but all bears with them sit .
 a hungry bear by him never hears the human while they never hear some happy humans .
 a happy bear often hears a bear .
 all dogs seldom hear some bears but a human seldom speaks .
 some sad humans always follow all dogs beside all dogs .
 some hungry dogs always run but all bears seldom jump .
 all dogs beside the dog jump while some hungry dogs follow a happy bear with them .
 she sits .
 the hungry bear with some hungry bears sees some sad dogs until all dogs often speak .
 he avoids some sad humans until she runs .
 a human seldom jumps and all sad humans beside her avoid the bear .
 all happy bears seldom speak and the sad human follows her .
 all happy bears sit .
 it hears all humans by some happy bears .
 the human never runs .
 all sad bears speak and all humans never hear the bear with the sad bear .
 a hungry dog beside it seldom avoids a sad dog by some dogs but they avoid a dog .
 the hungry dog hears some happy humans beside some humans .
 the human often hears a bear beside it while a human never runs .
 she sees some bears with some bears .
 some dogs often avoid him and the sad bear beside all bears sits .
 the hungry human by them follows them .
 some dogs by her seldom jump while a happy bear avoids the human .
 they often jump but some sad bears run .
 some hungry humans never see a sad dog but it seldom runs .
 she follows him while a hungry human often speaks .
 they sit until some hungry bears near the bear speak .
 all happy humans always see them .
 a hungry human by all dogs never speaks but all happy dogs with some bears follow him .
 the bear jumps and the bear by some humans runs .
 all hungry bears often jump .
 some happy bears often avoid them until the dog beside her always speaks .
 they speak but some dogs follow all happy humans .
 he often speaks .
 all bears by the hungry bear often jump .
 some sad dogs near some humans never follow her until she always follows her .
 the dog avoids the human .
 he seldom sees some sad humans beside him until all bears beside her often sit .
 all humans avoid some happy humans near some sad bears .
 they see it .
 a sad human follows them .
 a happy human never jumps until all happy bears beside her avoid some dogs beside her .
 a sad dog never hears the hungry human until the hungry dog with a sad dog runs .
 a dog beside the hungry dog never sits while they often hear the bear by all hungry bears .
 the sad human always follows a bear near a happy bear .
 he never speaks while the hungry human always jumps .
 the happy bear often hears them until some happy dogs beside all bears run .
 a bear often sits .
 they seldom speak until all hungry dogs seldom speak .
 the sad bear speaks but he often speaks .
 all dogs hear all bears .
 the bear by all humans always avoids all hungry humans .
 she sees a happy bear beside them .
 they avoid all hungry humans by them while a sad bear often sees a happy human near them .
 they run and some hungry dogs near them sit .
 some humans sit but it seldom sees the bear beside all hungry humans .
 a dog always sits until they jump .
 some happy humans with them never run .
 all bears by the hungry bear speak .
 the happy bear with them speaks .
 he never runs while they always avoid a happy dog with all humans .
 a dog jumps .
 the hungry human sits until all humans by a sad bear often hear her .
 they hear the sad bear .
 the bear near all happy bears seldom speaks and they speak .
 the happy human avoids some dogs .
 they seldom jump until some happy dogs seldom speak .
 a hungry dog often follows some hungry dogs near some dogs while they always speak .
 all happy humans by a sad human see a dog beside all dogs until a dog speaks .
 the happy dog seldom runs .
 all hungry humans beside all bears seldom see a dog beside all humans until they never jump .
 they always sit until the sad dog with a bear seldom sees a dog with a human .
 the dog runs .
 a sad dog always sits and all dogs follow them .
 a hungry dog seldom hears it while all bears often run .
 a dog often sees a bear with some humans .
 they always jump and the hungry bear speaks .
 the happy bear near all humans always speaks and some sad humans beside her run .
 some bears seldom see all bears by some dogs .
 she never avoids some hungry bears until they sit .
 all dogs hear all happy dogs beside her .
 some sad dogs never see some humans while it jumps .
 the sad bear often speaks .
 all bears seldom follow some happy dogs .
 the bear near a dog always speaks .
 some sad dogs follow a sad dog by them .
 a dog seldom follows all dogs by a hungry bear until the human with some hungry bears seldom hears them .
 all sad bears avoid it until some hungry bears avoid them .
 all sad dogs with a hungry dog see the happy bear .
 some happy humans always avoid a sad bear .
 they often see the bear but all happy bears jump .
 some humans with all hungry bears always follow a bear .
 she follows the dog until the bear jumps .
 all bears never speak and the human hears a dog .
 a bear always follows the bear but he always avoids all sad bears with her .
 all humans never speak .
 it often sees the bear with her but she avoids the sad dog near the hungry dog .
 she jumps .
 the human with a dog follows all dogs but he often hears it .
 some sad humans speak and some dogs see a dog by some bears .
 a dog beside all sad humans sits .
 some dogs near her see some humans until it speaks .
 some sad dogs beside them seldom hear a sad bear .
 some bears always avoid some humans .
 some humans jump until the dog never jumps .
 she runs .
 a bear always jumps until they follow all sad dogs with all sad dogs .
 some dogs always hear all happy bears until they always see a hungry human near him .
 he always follows him but the human by him seldom follows them .
 the happy human always hears them .
 some hungry dogs beside some bears jump .
 a bear by all sad bears sits .
 it avoids them but all sad dogs never run .
 the happy dog speaks until all happy dogs beside him jump .
 the happy bear follows a sad human beside the sad bear .
 he runs while they jump .
 the human with some sad humans always jumps but she sits .
 it runs .
 all happy bears follow all happy dogs .
 he always sees some humans until the hungry bear follows a happy dog .
 he often avoids a hungry dog with them .
 a hungry human sees a bear .
 all sad humans by them seldom sit while they hear a sad dog .
 a dog runs .
 some happy bears follow it and a hungry human with some happy dogs jumps .
 some sad bears by it avoid all dogs but a dog follows them .
 a bear with the sad human always hears the bear .
 the bear near them often follows it but all happy dogs often follow them .
 some humans follow the bear with the hungry human until the bear always follows it .
 all dogs run while some dogs near all dogs run .
 all sad humans follow the human near him while some hungry bears often hear them .
 the human beside a sad bear sits .
 they hear all hungry humans .
 they avoid them and the hungry human beside some sad dogs follows the human .
 the sad bear sees them .
 they jump .
 they avoid a dog .
 the happy dog speaks .
 it always speaks .
 they sit until they always speak .
 the hungry bear beside them always speaks while a sad bear never speaks .
 a happy bear sits .
 she jumps while the sad dog sees them .
 he seldom avoids all humans until it runs .
 all happy bears by all hungry dogs seldom hear her .
 all bears jump and all humans never avoid the happy bear by a sad bear .
 some sad dogs beside them often speak .
 it avoids it .
 some humans follow all sad humans .
 it sees a hungry human .
 a happy human beside him speaks while a dog avoids them .
 he never jumps and the dog sits .
 a happy human never runs .
 he sees it until they run .
 a sad bear often sits until all hungry humans near some happy dogs often see all sad humans near some humans .
 the happy human never hears them but they jump .
 it sees some bears beside her .
 the happy dog near a happy bear never speaks while all dogs never speak .
 a bear jumps until he hears a human near her .
 all hungry bears with some hungry humans never follow them and all happy bears seldom run .
 a happy bear with them hears some sad bears near some happy bears and some hungry bears follow them .
 they often see a bear by a hungry bear but she hears a sad dog beside them .
 some bears near him avoid some bears .
 they often speak .
 the happy dog near the bear avoids a human .
 some bears with some humans never run and they speak .
 they jump while they follow it .
 a sad human often sees them and a bear follows him .
 he sees a sad bear .
 they avoid a dog .
 they see all hungry bears while a sad dog seldom runs .
 a sad human hears a sad human .
 some hungry dogs hear them and all sad humans with them never jump .
 the happy human always hears a sad dog and they avoid a happy dog by them .
 all humans see him while some humans avoid a hungry human beside it .
 a dog always avoids a sad bear by all happy humans and some hungry bears hear the happy bear by the bear .
 they seldom see the hungry human .
 some bears seldom jump while the hungry dog speaks .
 some happy humans see a sad bear .
 the dog speaks while some dogs near all sad bears speak .
 she sees her .
 a bear avoids them .
 he avoids some sad bears .
 they never sit .
 it speaks but the dog near some humans speaks .
 she runs and a human always follows it .
 he seldom jumps but a dog speaks .
 it speaks until the sad bear hears the happy human .
 a hungry human by her always follows a dog but he avoids them .
 the happy human always sits .
 a happy human near him runs .
 they seldom jump .
 a dog jumps .
 the dog runs .
 some sad humans hear some hungry bears and they always follow all humans with a human .
 he never sees them and the happy human seldom sees them .
 all sad dogs by them often jump but they run .
 the dog seldom speaks and all hungry bears beside a human never jump .
 a happy human sees all dogs .
 the sad dog beside all happy dogs follows all sad bears .
 they always hear him .
 he seldom sits .
 a dog never hears them and some sad dogs jump .
 the dog with all humans often runs while some happy humans seldom jump .
 all hungry humans avoid the bear .
 all happy bears see it .
 they often avoid a hungry dog until a happy bear often sits .
 the hungry bear speaks and they avoid all humans .
 they sit .
 a dog beside the sad human never avoids some sad bears .
 she runs and they jump .
 a human with all bears always avoids a bear until he hears a happy bear .
 a bear with all dogs hears a happy dog .
 the sad bear often runs until all bears sit .
 all dogs follow all dogs .
 some happy humans jump and they sit .
 they avoid a dog while a dog never runs .
 the happy dog near some sad humans sits but the happy human avoids them .
 it often sits .
 they hear the happy bear until the hungry dog beside them jumps .
 all dogs with a human sit until they run .
 a hungry bear often sits .
 a bear beside some dogs often sits and they speak .
 a bear seldom speaks but some sad bears never see some humans .
 she sits and all happy humans by some hungry dogs sit .
 he sees some humans and a human sees some hungry dogs by them .
 they often follow them .
 all happy dogs avoid the bear with them while they avoid some happy dogs .
 all hungry humans often avoid her but she hears her .
 all hungry dogs seldom sit .
 they always hear them .
 a happy human follows some sad bears .
 a bear always sits and they avoid the hungry dog .
 some happy dogs never speak .
 some happy bears near some hungry dogs avoid a happy human with a human .
 they often follow a human near them and a human by them seldom hears some bears .
 some bears by them jump but he follows all bears .
 all bears see the dog while they often jump .
 a sad human never sees them .
 they often see them but they sit .
 the happy human by them jumps .
 the happy dog sits .
 they sit but all humans by the hungry bear sit .
 she hears some hungry humans beside all dogs while a dog by him seldom follows it .
 a bear with him sees the dog .
 all sad humans seldom avoid all humans while a human jumps .
 it speaks .
 they speak .
 he jumps until they hear it .
 a human speaks .
 all humans often run .
 they often sit .
 a bear near her never speaks .
 some hungry bears beside her sit until they never see some sad bears .
 some happy humans beside the happy human always see her .
 they jump until the sad bear hears all happy bears .
 they jump .
 they often jump but they always speak .
 some dogs by some humans see all bears .
 a human never sits but the sad human hears the sad human .
 some dogs always avoid the human but he seldom avoids him .
 they never see the dog while all dogs follow a bear with her .
 a happy human avoids it .
 a hungry dog runs .
 she often follows them .
 a happy bear by some bears speaks .
 some happy bears run but some sad dogs always speak .
 all hungry bears see a bear .
 they jump until the human by him follows all hungry dogs .
 they never speak .
 a dog with all bears avoids all bears until some hungry humans never avoid a hungry dog .
 they sit and some sad humans sit .
 all hungry bears with a human speak .
 they sit .
 some dogs seldom jump and all happy bears sit .
 they never hear the dog beside all dogs .
 some hungry bears seldom see her until he follows them .
 a sad dog often avoids all dogs with him but a sad dog beside all humans jumps .
 a human always sits until all sad dogs jump .
 they always run while all dogs with a human speak .
 all hungry bears never sit and a happy human sees some bears .
 the happy bear seldom hears a bear beside some happy humans until some humans beside all hungry bears never speak .
 all hungry humans see some humans while a sad human with all hungry humans speaks .
 some hungry humans hear them .
 all bears seldom sit but a bear follows him .
 he seldom follows a bear .
 some humans often follow a bear while some sad humans follow them .
 they avoid them .
 all dogs by a sad dog run .
 all dogs run and the bear often follows some happy humans .
 she always sits until some happy humans beside all dogs always speak .
 it sees a happy bear near him .
 some humans seldom run but some happy dogs near all sad dogs always see all bears .
 a dog never sees a human while all sad humans near a bear follow her .
 they sit .
 he hears some humans .
 some sad dogs near it avoid some hungry dogs .
 she seldom jumps and the human by the hungry bear sees them .
 it often sits .
 a hungry dog avoids all sad humans beside the sad bear while a bear never avoids them .
 all dogs avoid a happy human while some bears beside a sad dog run .
 the bear near them often runs and they often speak .
 the happy human follows all sad bears with all humans .
 she hears a hungry bear but some dogs always sit .
 all happy bears beside him often hear them while the human by all happy humans never runs .
 a dog always follows some bears beside them .
 a bear often sits .
 all happy humans seldom hear a dog with him .
 a bear avoids all dogs near all dogs .
 they never hear a happy human and she often hears them .
 some bears jump .
 they seldom see a human beside the bear while the human by all dogs jumps .
 all bears often follow a hungry human while they always see them .
 they see a sad human .
 they never jump .
 some bears with a human seldom see a bear beside some sad bears and all bears beside them seldom follow it .
 he never speaks until some sad humans speak .
 a hungry dog runs and a hungry dog often sits .
 a human sits .
 all happy dogs avoid her but a bear sees her .
 the hungry human often sees all happy humans .
 he seldom sees some dogs until the bear with her always sits .
 a dog never avoids some humans and he avoids all humans .
 some humans beside all bears seldom see some humans but all bears beside the human jump .
 they always speak and all bears often run .
 the dog avoids the sad dog .
 some hungry humans near some dogs follow them .
 the hungry human follows them while all sad dogs never follow the bear .
 all sad dogs near some bears never speak while the hungry human beside them speaks .
 they often avoid a happy dog .
 she speaks and some dogs often jump .
 it avoids all dogs until the hungry bear by the human speaks .
 they see him .
 the dog by all happy humans speaks .
 she follows a human by him but they never speak .
 all happy humans never run but the happy bear avoids her .
 they sit .
 it jumps .
 all humans by all happy humans often jump .
 a bear beside them avoids it .
 a dog seldom sits .
 some hungry bears avoid them .
 some dogs avoid a hungry bear with some sad dogs .
 some dogs by them seldom avoid them and all bears with the human avoid some happy dogs .
 all hungry dogs seldom sit .
 the dog sees the human with them .
 some humans seldom run and they always run .
 a happy bear speaks and all hungry bears seldom jump .
 all hungry humans jump .
 she often follows some sad dogs with them .
 a happy dog never avoids all sad bears but they follow her .
 some hungry bears never follow him .
 all humans seldom follow a bear with the bear .
 some humans by some dogs run until some humans seldom speak .
 it always sees a human but the happy human seldom runs .
 some happy bears seldom jump while it always sees a sad human .
 the sad human speaks .
 the happy bear sees all hungry bears near all dogs while a bear always speaks .
 the happy human often runs .
 he sits until he avoids a sad bear .
 all hungry humans seldom hear them .
 the sad human near him speaks .
 all dogs with them always run but a dog seldom avoids all humans .
 some sad dogs by all dogs never sit and a hungry dog never speaks .
 they seldom run .
 a dog seldom follows a hungry bear with the happy bear but some bears seldom sit .
 a bear by a bear sits .
 a human never follows it until she never hears the dog with a happy bear .
 they sit .
 a bear avoids all bears while the bear hears a dog .
 he seldom runs .
 a dog never hears it and the human by some bears avoids her .
 they jump until they run .
 he never hears him .
 all hungry humans never see a happy bear with them until some hungry humans beside her always sit .
 some happy dogs never avoid them while they often jump .
 the human by a dog seldom follows him .
 they hear them and the dog never sees some humans beside some hungry humans .
 the sad dog sees him but a bear avoids all happy bears .
 some hungry bears often avoid them and some humans always sit .
 the sad dog often sees the hungry human but some hungry humans beside the hungry bear sit .
 it seldom hears them but a sad human never hears a sad human by the sad dog .
 all dogs avoid all hungry humans .
 they always avoid a hungry dog while he follows some happy dogs .
 some humans near all hungry dogs jump .
 some bears beside some sad humans often hear her .
 all sad dogs avoid all dogs but a human never avoids it .
 she hears it .
 some sad humans run but some bears seldom see some sad humans .
 some hungry dogs never speak while the hungry dog often sees them .
 some hungry bears run .
 all humans sit and the sad bear seldom runs .
 they avoid the bear .
 all bears sit .
 the bear by a sad dog seldom follows a bear but all happy dogs avoid them .
 a human hears the happy human until the dog always sees a sad dog by them .
 a hungry dog with some hungry dogs often sits .
 a dog sees some dogs .
 they never speak while some sad dogs always speak .
 some sad dogs speak .
 a dog by a bear never sits .
 some humans sit .
 it follows all sad dogs with a hungry human .
 the bear never follows the dog near some hungry dogs .
 they seldom see some happy humans but all hungry humans hear some humans .
 the hungry bear never jumps while some hungry humans beside her sit .
 she runs .
 some bears follow a sad human while some bears beside the sad dog seldom follow some dogs .
 the human runs .
 some bears with her sit .
 some dogs hear all hungry bears by a human while he sees her .
 it never sees the happy bear but a happy human often runs .
 all happy dogs often sit while they always run .
 they never run .
 some humans by it jump .
 all hungry bears speak but the dog sees them .
 a human follows them .
 some dogs speak until they follow some sad dogs .
 they always run while the sad bear never avoids it .
 she avoids him .
 they avoid it but some humans never jump .
 all happy bears follow them and they often hear her .
 they always follow all humans .
 some humans beside the human never avoid a happy human .
 some dogs seldom see some sad dogs but all dogs seldom follow the bear .
 the bear follows the sad dog beside some hungry bears and a bear runs .
 they never hear all dogs with some dogs while the bear near a sad bear seldom sees all happy bears with the dog .
 they sit but they seldom hear a dog by the human .
 a human runs while a human with the bear hears the happy bear .
 the bear beside the bear jumps .
 the dog beside a human often sits .
 all bears jump while he avoids them .
 the bear near all humans never follows all dogs but some dogs near all bears often sit .
 some bears always sit and some hungry bears speak .
 all bears follow them until a sad human sees all humans .
 she seldom speaks .
 a hungry dog follows some hungry dogs by them .
 all happy humans seldom speak until they run .
 some sad bears avoid the dog with some humans and some dogs with all happy bears never run .
 the hungry human with all sad dogs seldom speaks and they often follow it .
 some bears never see the sad bear until all hungry humans near the bear see some happy humans .
 he never follows all happy humans by a sad human .
 a dog beside some happy bears jumps but a dog always sees some sad bears .
 all humans near them sit .
 the sad human by a dog speaks but some bears beside some happy humans jump .
 a dog beside the human seldom hears a sad bear beside a happy dog but the hungry human follows some bears .
 some hungry bears often jump .
 all hungry humans hear the sad human .
 the happy human always speaks but they never speak .
 a bear often runs while they always run .
 they hear all humans .
 they often speak .
 all dogs sit .
 a human runs and some hungry dogs see all hungry dogs .
 the dog with a dog follows the dog and they often see it .
 it follows some happy dogs near a hungry bear but they never follow some sad humans .
 it seldom hears them until some bears by some humans never jump .
 some hungry bears always hear some humans with the sad dog while some sad bears always jump .
 they often speak but all bears run .
 some bears avoid her .
 they see her while all happy dogs near the dog seldom avoid it .
 all hungry humans always sit and they never follow him .
 he never sits .
 she seldom follows them until she seldom speaks .
 it seldom sees some happy humans .
 a dog by them seldom sees some happy dogs beside some happy dogs and they seldom hear the hungry human .
 some dogs seldom hear the sad bear .
 the sad dog often runs .
 it sits .
 it runs but they seldom see some bears near all sad humans .
 it always follows some happy humans .
 the dog beside all bears always follows them until the hungry bear by some bears never speaks .
 some bears never avoid all sad humans .
 a human with a hungry human sees all humans .
 a bear sits and she sees it .
 it sits until some dogs beside some happy bears never hear some bears .
 some happy dogs often follow them and she jumps .
 they always speak .
 the hungry bear by a bear runs .
 it sits while the dog near all happy dogs seldom follows her .
 a bear follows all sad dogs by it .
 the bear sits .
 some happy dogs always run .
 he hears the happy human .
 they speak but they often hear the human .
 it jumps until a human near a sad dog follows her .
 all sad bears sit .
 they speak but all bears hear some humans with them .
 all sad humans sit while they seldom avoid all bears .
 he speaks until all hungry humans always sit .
 some dogs never sit .
 the sad bear by it sits .
 some dogs jump until some hungry humans avoid all happy bears beside the dog .
 they avoid it but the sad dog avoids her .
 a human avoids her while the hungry bear sits .
 a human always avoids the hungry bear and they follow a dog by some bears .
 they see all sad dogs near a happy human but all hungry dogs speak .
 they run until all dogs avoid her .
 all dogs with the sad bear avoid them but the dog often runs .
 the dog speaks .
 they avoid some sad dogs and a dog with it runs .
 a sad dog often sees some humans but the hungry human seldom sees some bears .
 the dog avoids a hungry dog .
 some dogs sit .
 all dogs never jump .
 a dog hears her .
 they hear them .
 all hungry humans often jump while he always runs .
 the human always sees them .
 he always sees her .
 they never run until they follow the bear .
 some hungry bears with some sad dogs hear him while it avoids the hungry human near them .
 all dogs seldom run and they avoid them .
 all sad bears beside some sad humans always avoid them .
 they avoid all dogs .
 some hungry dogs seldom hear them until a happy human near the hungry dog hears all dogs .
 it never speaks and a happy bear with a sad human speaks .
 a dog never speaks .
 it seldom sees the human by them .
 he never jumps and a dog by some hungry bears seldom sees all bears with some dogs .
 the bear speaks .
 the bear seldom jumps until a hungry human near the happy bear never hears it .
 they see all sad bears until all happy humans never jump .
 some hungry bears avoid all bears .
 all hungry dogs near a sad dog speak .
 the human often speaks while she seldom hears it .
 they speak .
 some hungry dogs by the dog hear the bear beside all sad bears .
 they sit until some humans always see all happy bears .
 she hears them .
 it seldom jumps .
 all sad bears avoid a hungry bear .
 he jumps and the human by all hungry humans always speaks .
 it often follows it and some humans beside some bears avoid all happy bears .
 the bear runs .
 all humans never sit while all bears with the dog hear all hungry dogs .
 some happy dogs always sit and the bear seldom avoids the happy bear .
 they hear all sad humans beside them .
 she avoids the hungry dog .
 they run .
 some bears beside all hungry humans jump .
 some dogs hear them and all dogs seldom run .
 they seldom speak until a dog beside a sad human always hears some sad dogs near some happy bears .
 she sits while they hear her .
 they seldom run .
 some humans by a sad bear jump until the bear often jumps .
 all dogs hear them .
 some sad dogs hear them but some bears never follow them .
 the human sits while all happy bears sit .
 all bears speak .
 they run and they never sit .
 they jump .
 the human often runs until the bear hears them .
 the hungry human with all humans follows a sad human .
 the dog never runs while some humans never see it .
 she always runs .
 they often avoid the bear .
 they follow them .
 they never follow the human .
 some hungry bears sit until some hungry bears often avoid them .
 the bear beside a happy dog seldom avoids the happy dog with some happy dogs until some sad humans seldom run .
 a bear hears them while some sad bears beside a bear seldom jump .
 some hungry humans seldom follow it .
 it never speaks but a bear near a bear often speaks .
 a hungry bear avoids the hungry bear .
 some sad humans by the sad human never speak while she always runs .
 they never run .
 the dog seldom speaks .
 some hungry humans never hear a happy dog beside a sad human .
 all happy bears hear them until a human sits .
 it never sits .
 they often see some dogs .
 she sits .
 a happy bear hears the bear .
 some hungry dogs often speak .
 some sad bears never sit but some humans seldom avoid some sad humans .
 they always speak but some humans speak .
 all hungry humans near a dog avoid the bear near them .
 he runs while a bear hears her .
 they always jump .
 a hungry dog jumps while it speaks .
 they always see some bears near them .
 the happy dog never sits while a bear beside a dog jumps .
 the bear runs while all happy dogs often hear them .
 all bears hear some bears with some humans .
 she avoids all happy humans by some humans .
 the dog avoids it while it avoids all sad dogs .
 some sad humans follow a human near the happy bear until all happy dogs seldom avoid the dog .
 all sad dogs never run .
 the hungry bear runs .
 they run until it seldom runs .
 some bears jump .
 all bears by a sad human sit and a sad human by all happy bears avoids some happy bears by them .
 all humans speak .
 she never sees all bears by them .
 all bears sit but a sad bear near it always speaks .
 a happy bear by some humans often runs .
 a hungry bear with them always sees some hungry dogs but a hungry dog with a hungry human never hears all humans .
 the sad dog near it hears a hungry bear with the human .
 they speak but the dog never jumps .
 a sad human sits .
 the hungry bear often hears a sad dog .
 some sad dogs by them avoid all bears .
 a hungry dog by a happy bear never hears all happy bears beside the bear .
 he sits until some dogs always jump .
 they see all hungry dogs and he hears them .
 a happy human sits .
 they see some bears by the happy human while the human beside the happy bear speaks .
 it always avoids the human by them while a hungry human sees the hungry human beside all happy dogs .
 they jump until they speak .
 a hungry dog seldom runs until they avoid some sad bears .
 a sad dog near them follows all humans while they always sit .
 all bears often follow her until it always hears some happy humans .
 a dog by some happy bears hears a bear while he jumps .
 they speak .
 the happy human always speaks .
 the happy dog sits until the sad human sits .
 some hungry dogs by her never avoid them .
 the dog runs .
 the dog often avoids a human beside him .
 all bears with the hungry bear often avoid all bears and the dog speaks .
 they jump .
 the hungry human always sees them .
 the human seldom hears the happy dog beside him but the hungry dog never runs .
 a happy dog seldom sits while they sit .
 a dog runs and they often speak .
 he avoids her .
 all bears jump .
 they follow her until a hungry human follows the dog near them .
 some sad dogs beside them never run and all dogs with them never sit .
 the hungry bear always avoids him .
 some bears always see the human near a hungry dog .
 a happy bear beside all dogs never follows her .
 he sees them while a hungry bear near all sad bears follows him .
 some humans never follow some bears .
 all sad dogs often hear her until the sad bear beside a happy dog never sees him .
 he sits .
 a hungry human by them jumps .
 all sad bears jump until the dog speaks .
 they hear all sad dogs while a sad bear with them never hears it .
 all bears near them jump .
 it speaks until a sad dog always jumps .
 all humans beside a happy bear see the happy bear until the dog often avoids them .
 the bear hears the bear while she avoids all bears beside all happy bears .
 some humans speak .
 the happy dog hears the human .
 he follows some sad bears .
 they see him .
 they seldom sit .
 it sits .
 she never sits .
 they hear him and the dog avoids a dog .
 a hungry bear near the sad bear sees a bear .
 some sad humans near some humans always hear all bears .
 some sad humans with the human often speak until she often speaks .
 some humans follow a hungry bear .
 they sit until he runs .
 all hungry bears never follow them .
 a bear never sits while they seldom speak .
 a hungry human always follows some humans but they never speak .
 all hungry humans see a bear until they avoid some sad bears .
 the dog never jumps .
 the happy dog speaks but some humans by him often speak .
 the happy dog speaks until they never speak .
 they see a hungry human and he hears them .
 all sad bears sit until they often see all bears .
 he seldom follows a human .
 they speak .
 they always run while some dogs near some hungry dogs often see them .
 all hungry humans by them always follow some dogs until they avoid him .
 all dogs by the happy bear jump .
 they sit .
 a happy human often runs while some dogs with all dogs seldom jump .
 a happy dog beside them sits until the sad human always follows them .
 all humans by her run .
 some sad bears with him follow her .
 a bear never jumps and it never follows him .
 the hungry human hears some happy dogs .
 it always follows them .
 he often follows all humans but they follow all happy humans .
 a hungry human near them jumps and she seldom avoids them .
 some hungry dogs jump .
 some happy humans with the bear always follow a dog but they often follow some sad bears .
 all humans hear them and he hears all hungry bears .
 the happy human never jumps while the human beside some humans jumps .
 she always hears some dogs but he sees the human by them .
 some bears often avoid it but a bear often sees it .
 some dogs jump .
 a hungry human hears them until the bear seldom jumps .
 the happy bear beside a human follows him .
 some happy bears near the happy human run .
 some sad dogs beside it often speak .
 a dog hears them .
 they jump .
 they seldom run until a dog beside the hungry human always avoids them .
 they run .
 some sad humans often follow them while a bear never avoids some humans .
 she seldom runs .
 some hungry bears follow some sad humans while all happy dogs always jump .
 they avoid it but a bear never speaks .
 the human always speaks but some hungry bears sit .
 all happy humans near it never speak .
 all dogs seldom sit but they follow a bear with all bears .
 some happy dogs often follow the sad human .
 they seldom speak .
 a happy dog often sits .
 all hungry dogs near the bear always speak while the bear speaks .
 all humans often sit .
 the hungry human often hears all happy dogs .
 they often avoid them while the happy human hears all humans .
 all humans avoid all happy humans .
 some bears beside the happy human seldom sit .
 all dogs often speak but the hungry bear by the dog speaks .
 they avoid a bear .
 they never hear him but a hungry bear by a hungry bear seldom sees her .
 they run and they hear a human .
 the dog near all hungry humans hears it and a bear jumps .
 some sad humans with all humans see it but they jump .
 a dog often runs while some bears by all humans see them .
 they see him .
 he seldom speaks .
 a sad dog by the happy human speaks while they seldom sit .
 all hungry bears never jump until a human by the human often jumps .
 some humans speak until all dogs by all happy bears run .
 he sees him .
 the human never follows him until he often hears them .
 they follow the sad human beside them but some hungry bears beside all dogs often sit .
 some hungry bears never run .
 a sad human always avoids some sad bears until a bear never jumps .
 a dog by all bears seldom follows her .
 they seldom speak .
 a sad human beside a dog hears it .
 she seldom runs .
 the bear never sits .
 all sad dogs seldom sit .
 all humans with some happy dogs often avoid the happy human but they seldom see a bear .
 they speak .
 he seldom jumps .
 the sad human with them always sits .
 the happy dog avoids some happy dogs near all humans .
 a dog beside some humans never jumps while some dogs sit .
 they often run .
 the dog speaks .
 the dog runs .
 some sad humans speak while the sad bear often sits .
 a happy dog jumps .
 a hungry human near him often sits while the happy bear jumps .
 a bear always avoids them .
 a dog follows the happy dog while the happy human sits .
 the dog with a sad human always hears some bears .
 it sits .
 some hungry humans see some sad dogs by a human .
 some happy dogs always speak while they never hear a human .
 some sad humans speak .
 the happy bear jumps until all happy dogs often avoid all hungry dogs .
 they see him .
 she never sees a happy human and all humans by all sad dogs always see the human .
 he jumps .
 a happy dog often jumps and a dog always sits .
 a happy human near the sad bear speaks .
 all sad dogs with them follow it .
 they avoid all hungry bears with them until a happy bear never runs .
 it often speaks until some happy humans run .
 it jumps until she seldom sees all bears .
 it never sees it while it hears them .
 a dog runs .
 all sad bears seldom follow the sad bear but all sad dogs never run .
 they always jump .
 all sad dogs by the sad dog speak and some humans always avoid it .
 a bear seldom hears a happy human .
 some happy humans beside it sit but a sad human jumps .
 it never avoids them but a hungry dog speaks .
 some humans beside a human hear all dogs with it until all dogs beside the hungry bear often speak .
 some dogs run .
 they see him .
 the dog often sees all hungry humans and all bears run .
 he avoids him but all humans often follow it .
 all bears near it seldom hear the hungry dog .
 some hungry bears seldom sit .
 it seldom jumps and they often follow them .
 a happy human with them often hears it and they speak .
 it avoids her .
 a dog hears him until they sit .
 they often speak .
 the human near the sad human follows some humans with the happy dog .
 the sad bear sits but the human always follows some bears by some bears .
 it sits and the hungry human runs .
 a sad bear always sits .
 they speak and they avoid some happy humans .
 all happy humans run and he never avoids all bears beside some happy bears .
 it seldom follows them but all sad bears hear them .
 he runs .
 it speaks .
 the sad human with them sees a dog .
 she speaks but some happy humans sit .
 a dog speaks but the hungry bear always sits .
 the happy human beside all dogs sits but some sad bears hear all humans .
 all happy bears see some happy humans with all humans until a hungry human runs .
 they speak but some hungry dogs with the dog always sit .
 a happy dog avoids all humans beside him .
 some sad dogs speak .
 a bear jumps until all happy bears see a human .
 all humans see all humans by him but they never follow a dog .
 the bear never sees some humans beside the bear and he avoids some hungry bears .
 they jump .
 they avoid some sad bears .
 they jump .
 the happy dog hears him .
 all dogs never run but all humans by a happy dog always hear them .
 a dog hears the dog and the hungry human by a sad bear seldom sees a dog .
 some hungry humans hear a dog and a bear near a happy dog sits .
 a dog speaks .
 the human never runs until it runs .
 she often speaks .
 they run .
 the bear near a sad dog often hears some hungry dogs near it .
 some humans often run while a hungry bear near him often jumps .
 some happy bears avoid her .
 the sad bear sits .
 he seldom follows some bears .
 it follows all sad dogs near all bears while the dog with them often speaks .
 a happy human never sees the happy human while a bear always follows some dogs .
 she never runs .
 a happy bear near it often speaks and they never speak .
 they often see them .
 the dog never sees her while they hear the human .
 some humans beside them always jump but a sad human seldom follows all bears .
 some happy humans always avoid all dogs near the bear while some dogs avoid him .
 they seldom hear her .
 he always hears some happy bears until it never speaks .
 a hungry human often follows the sad bear .
 all bears always run .
 they always avoid him .
 some dogs always jump until a bear often speaks .
 some sad dogs see them .
 some dogs always avoid the dog .
 some dogs avoid the happy human with the hungry dog and all bears sit .
 a hungry bear follows a bear until he speaks .
 a bear runs while all happy humans follow it .
 the dog by him always runs .
 a human by a happy dog speaks but all happy bears never follow all hungry bears by them .
 a hungry human often speaks .
 they always follow them and all hungry humans follow some hungry bears .
 it always hears it but they seldom hear her .
 all humans near some hungry bears often sit .
 a sad human seldom sees a dog .
 she jumps .
 they never follow him .
 he always hears a human .
 they always speak but all hungry bears with a happy bear never run .
 they never jump .
 they seldom jump .
 some bears run until the human sits .
 it seldom speaks until they run .
 all happy bears near the sad bear avoid a dog until a human often speaks .
 they never speak and they see them .
 they speak and some humans by all hungry humans always follow them .
 it sits .
 they often hear some hungry humans by some dogs until the dog beside him always hears all sad humans near a dog .
 all sad bears follow some humans by the bear .
 the human seldom jumps .
 they sit until the human speaks .
 it seldom avoids them .
 some sad humans always hear him while some happy dogs never hear her .
 it seldom sees them .
 they seldom speak .
 all hungry dogs follow the dog but it sees all happy humans .
 all happy bears always hear it .
 all bears with the sad human never speak .
 they see a happy dog .
 a human speaks .
 a sad bear runs .
 they speak .
 a bear runs .
 they see the sad human near the hungry dog while the happy dog seldom runs .
 it runs .
 a human always hears it while some bears beside it never jump .
 they always follow a sad dog .
 a bear with some hungry humans jumps while it follows a hungry bear .
 she sees the dog and the human seldom follows them .
 she seldom runs but all dogs run .
 some bears always follow a dog by all hungry bears .
 a dog with all humans avoids the human .
 all dogs jump until the bear never avoids her .
 all bears by all hungry bears never speak but she often jumps .
 the bear with the dog often speaks but they never jump .
 she seldom runs .
 all hungry bears often follow the human .
 some dogs by all bears always sit and some happy bears with the human often avoid some humans .
 it always jumps but a dog seldom hears all sad humans near them .
 she jumps but a bear always sits .
 all bears avoid a sad bear but they run .
 she sits until they hear some sad bears .
 the hungry bear often speaks while the happy human by them follows a bear by all hungry humans .
 a bear with a dog never follows the happy dog by the human while a human beside the bear follows them .
 a bear always runs .
 some humans speak .
 the sad bear with a sad bear often hears them .
 the sad bear beside them sees some bears with some bears until the hungry human with him jumps .
 they seldom see some dogs .
 all happy humans beside all humans seldom jump .
 it always hears them .
 some humans beside a hungry human never run until some humans beside the bear follow a dog .
 he never jumps .
 a bear by it seldom jumps and it seldom jumps .
 it seldom runs and they never see a sad dog by a human .
 a bear seldom sits .
 all dogs often run .
 all hungry bears often see a hungry dog beside it and some sad dogs never speak .
 all happy dogs near a sad bear always avoid a human .
 some humans speak until all hungry bears speak .
 all bears run .
 the dog never jumps but some happy bears sit .
 a sad bear often avoids it and they see him .
 all humans speak .
 she runs .
 some happy humans with them follow him .
 all hungry dogs with them seldom run .
 it often avoids all hungry dogs .
 it seldom follows the human .
 some bears with the hungry human see all hungry humans by a hungry dog .
 a dog with the hungry dog avoids the happy human and it always runs .
 the happy bear often runs and a bear with the human often hears all dogs .
 they often run .
 she often jumps .
 a bear never sits .
 all humans run until he seldom follows a hungry human .
 they sit but they hear it .
 a bear with a sad human seldom speaks .
 some dogs speak until they hear them .
 a human beside them jumps .
 some sad bears near a bear follow them until he always speaks .
 the sad dog near her seldom speaks but a hungry bear beside a dog never jumps .
 they always follow them but they jump .
 a sad human runs and he speaks .
 she follows a sad dog .
 all happy humans speak .
 all happy humans hear a sad human but some hungry humans often speak .
 all happy dogs jump .
 some happy dogs seldom sit while all humans seldom avoid him .
 they never avoid her but they always see the hungry human .
 the hungry dog near some dogs runs .
 some bears hear her but they always run .
 some sad humans near a hungry human avoid them .
 the sad bear follows him but it jumps .
 they see all humans beside her but a sad dog sits .
 some happy bears sit while a bear often follows the bear .
 it seldom sees her and they always jump .
 all happy humans hear them .
 some dogs always sit while the bear always avoids all happy bears .
 he never hears all hungry dogs .
 some bears near all sad bears never see a hungry bear .
 the human sits .
 some bears avoid all humans .
 a hungry human sees some dogs but a dog near a human always hears them .
 the hungry human speaks but a sad dog always sees some hungry bears .
 she often follows them .
 it seldom follows some humans while the happy bear never avoids the hungry human .
 some sad humans never run while a dog by a human sits .
 all happy dogs jump .
 they run and some happy humans run .
 the sad human follows the dog with them but the sad dog avoids all sad bears near them .
 all bears seldom sit .
 they avoid a happy dog with all hungry dogs while the bear never hears them .
 she never hears a happy bear by all hungry dogs .
 she sits .
 she follows all humans near all hungry humans .
 all hungry bears with them jump and she runs .
 they often follow her .
 she always avoids the hungry bear .
 the dog sits until some bears with some hungry bears always run .
 all dogs jump and a hungry bear sits .
 he often sees the human with him while some happy bears beside all happy humans follow it .
 some happy humans near them always sit .
 he avoids all sad humans while she speaks .
 a sad dog beside some humans speaks while he follows them .
 they avoid the hungry bear .
 a hungry dog often follows some happy bears while a human runs .
 some sad humans with a bear see the hungry dog beside some sad dogs and some dogs by all bears avoid all happy dogs .
 some bears always avoid all happy dogs with some bears and some hungry humans speak .
 all humans by some bears seldom jump .
 some hungry humans often speak while she runs .
 all hungry bears never sit but some sad bears run .
 it seldom avoids a human .
 all hungry dogs seldom sit .
 he seldom sits .
 some sad dogs always avoid the dog .
 she avoids him .
 they hear it .
 the bear never follows all hungry bears .
 they never run .
 some humans see them but some humans by the bear jump .
 all hungry dogs near the hungry human always hear a happy human near them but a sad dog jumps .
 a bear beside all humans always sits .
 the hungry human never sits and the sad human with a human seldom jumps .
 the dog seldom follows her .
 a happy human jumps until all sad humans beside the sad human follow a hungry human by some bears .
 they jump .
 all sad humans seldom run .
 the bear often follows her .
 all sad humans seldom sit .
 the dog jumps but they follow a hungry dog with a hungry human .
 he seldom avoids some bears and the bear by him always sees a dog with some hungry bears .
 the happy bear sees a human near a happy bear and the human never follows a hungry human .
 all sad dogs with it seldom run .
 she speaks but all hungry bears hear it .
 some sad bears always speak .
 they always hear a dog until the hungry human follows a human beside some sad humans .
 they jump but some dogs by them always hear a sad human .
 it sees a human .
 a human seldom jumps and a sad bear by a dog speaks .
 a human follows a sad human with them while all humans by some bears speak .
 some bears near some happy bears always follow them .
 a hungry human by some bears hears her but all dogs follow her .
 the hungry bear with them often follows it and a human follows her .
 a sad dog always speaks while a sad human jumps .
 all humans seldom sit .
 they sit but a hungry human near all dogs never hears all happy bears by him .
 they avoid them .
 he seldom sits and he avoids the bear .
 the dog jumps while she always speaks .
 they avoid the dog but they see the happy bear .
 all bears by the bear always jump .
 a human always avoids her and some happy humans seldom sit .
 the dog speaks until the human hears all bears .
 they always sit .
 they sit but a happy human beside them sees them .
 they follow all bears with them and they sit .
 the bear often follows her until some humans always speak .
 a bear with it sits and some humans often run .
 it always speaks and they often avoid all bears .
 some humans with the hungry bear jump .
 some happy dogs avoid the happy dog near her and a dog never hears them .
 all dogs beside them speak and some sad dogs seldom avoid them .
 the bear by them never avoids them but some humans seldom see them .
 some sad dogs by it hear a bear by the happy bear but he never jumps .
 it avoids some happy dogs by some humans and all humans often sit .
 the bear sits and she always hears the dog .
 a sad dog seldom hears some dogs .
 it always runs .
 they always run and the dog always follows the bear near them .
 the human beside the happy bear always jumps .
 she sees all hungry dogs by him .
 all hungry humans seldom avoid him but they avoid some humans .
 a human beside a human hears some hungry dogs by him .
 some sad humans jump .
 they speak .
 the human often speaks .
 the happy bear near the happy dog hears the happy human until the bear beside it jumps .
 they follow the sad bear until some happy bears near a happy dog speak .
 some humans run .
 a sad dog speaks until all hungry bears by all happy bears follow him .
 she hears some hungry dogs .
 all happy humans hear the happy dog beside them until a human avoids him .
 some sad bears beside some happy bears speak but all sad humans by some sad dogs often sit .
 she avoids the hungry dog with her while the human always jumps .
 all sad humans hear all humans but she jumps .
 the dog often jumps until all bears near a dog hear the dog .
 some sad dogs sit until all hungry humans seldom avoid a sad dog .
 they always jump while the dog avoids a hungry human .
 the sad dog avoids some sad dogs beside him until some bears with a happy human sit .
 he jumps until a dog with her speaks .
 she always sits .
 a sad dog sits while they avoid a human beside a hungry human .
 they run .
 they follow him but it never speaks .
 they speak .
 a sad dog often hears a sad bear .
 a human often hears a human near some dogs .
 they always avoid all bears .
 the bear speaks .
 all happy dogs always jump .
 the dog seldom jumps .
 they follow some humans until all humans run .
 all happy dogs speak .
 it runs and they often jump .
 some bears sit .
 they run .
 a dog seldom avoids some humans but they see the hungry human .
 some humans near all sad humans never speak .
 a bear beside it jumps until the hungry human seldom avoids a human with some sad dogs .
 some humans often follow it and all happy dogs always see the human .
 a bear speaks .
 some happy bears speak but it seldom sees them .
 they never avoid the sad dog beside them until some sad humans by some humans often run .
 it runs .
 the bear avoids her .
 some humans seldom hear them and some hungry dogs see some humans .
 they jump .
 some bears seldom hear them .
 the human jumps .
 they run until all bears seldom jump .
 the sad dog with her always jumps while they always jump .
 the human sees them while she speaks .
 the bear beside them hears some humans .
 they never run while a happy bear always avoids all dogs by them .
 a sad dog speaks while it runs .
 he always runs .
 the bear often sees some sad humans beside a dog .
 it seldom speaks .
 all hungry humans run until the dog by a dog avoids the bear with the happy human .
 the hungry dog always avoids a sad dog with her .
 all bears often avoid them and they never follow a human .
 it avoids some happy dogs near them .
 she always jumps while a sad human always hears some happy bears beside them .
 a human by some bears never hears them and the bear jumps .
 the happy human by a hungry human sees some hungry bears .
 the human near the happy human runs and it sees some dogs with all dogs .
 it seldom follows a happy bear .
 a dog jumps until a happy dog sits .
 a happy dog always jumps until some happy humans seldom run .
 they speak .
 all happy bears often run .
 they speak while all humans jump .
 a hungry human follows them while the human speaks .
 he never follows all sad bears until a happy dog avoids some humans with a happy human .
 she sits and a hungry human avoids some bears with them .
 the happy dog near some hungry dogs always follows them while all humans run .
 all humans with a happy dog run .
 some bears never see some dogs until all hungry bears jump .
 some bears beside all dogs seldom jump .
 she often follows all sad dogs until the dog beside it sees them .
 all bears with the dog seldom speak while they never follow all happy bears .
 all dogs never sit .
 it follows the hungry human .
 they hear a dog while some dogs hear all bears .
 a happy dog with them always follows them .
 some hungry dogs seldom run but some sad humans avoid the hungry dog .
 some sad humans often speak .
 all hungry humans with the bear run but they run .
 the happy bear by a bear avoids the bear until the sad bear jumps .
 the happy human with it avoids a bear by some bears .
 they often sit .
 they seldom sit .
 he always avoids all hungry humans beside some sad bears while it runs .
 he always follows some humans while they sit .
 a happy bear often runs while she often avoids the hungry human with the hungry bear .
 a sad human often follows a human beside all happy humans .
 it often avoids some bears by a hungry dog .
 they follow them .
 a bear seldom sees them and all hungry bears follow them .
 all dogs beside them sit .
 the happy dog never sits until some hungry humans by them never jump .
 she runs .
 the happy dog seldom jumps .
 some bears run .
 she often speaks .
 a sad bear always speaks .
 some bears see the bear .
 the hungry bear often hears the happy dog beside a sad human until all bears by them see a hungry human .
 the happy human always runs and she avoids a human with a hungry bear .
 they seldom jump .
 some happy dogs run and a human follows them .
 they seldom jump and they run .
 they always speak while she sits .
 all hungry humans always avoid them .
 all sad dogs with some humans often avoid all happy dogs beside some happy dogs .
 he avoids a bear .
 all humans never hear all bears until a sad bear with the dog always runs .
 some hungry humans never sit .
 they see the happy human .
 all bears speak and they hear a human beside the hungry human .
 some bears beside all hungry bears always jump while he runs .
 they always hear her but a sad human with a happy human speaks .
 a dog always hears all sad bears while it always runs .
 she speaks .
 a dog never avoids all humans until he seldom jumps .
 the dog never runs until they seldom hear all hungry bears with them .
 the bear by them seldom jumps .
 some bears always jump .
 they often jump .
 he often speaks and all humans often see some sad dogs .
 the human with her often runs until a dog seldom speaks .
 a dog speaks and she hears the dog by the sad dog .
 some happy humans always see the hungry human .
 it never follows it until the human with them sees it .
 the happy bear jumps .
 he always avoids him until all bears see a sad human .
 the human follows a bear .
 they often hear a sad bear .
 she runs .
 they always follow the human and the happy bear speaks .
 all bears jump .
 he never follows the sad bear and all humans near all bears often avoid the dog .
 a dog avoids all happy dogs and some bears with the happy human often jump .
 a dog sits .
 the bear seldom sees some happy dogs with him .
 she seldom runs but the sad dog by them runs .
 a happy dog never sits .
 the happy human sees them .
 the human hears the sad dog .
 the happy dog never jumps .
 it runs .
 a hungry dog speaks .
 the bear with the human always sees the sad bear .
 the happy human follows all dogs and a happy human follows her .
 they see them while all humans jump .
 a human avoids a bear .
 some sad dogs beside him always see some sad dogs by the bear .
 she sees him while she sees the sad bear near a hungry human .
 some dogs by the happy human follow the sad dog with all happy dogs until a human sees the bear .
 she sees him .
 she always hears a sad bear with them but some dogs often hear it .
 a human follows all hungry humans .
 it never sits until all bears follow all dogs .
 some hungry humans seldom avoid the happy human near a sad human .
 the bear follows some hungry bears but some dogs run .
 it seldom jumps .
 the sad dog by them hears a sad dog .
 she often follows some happy dogs .
 she always speaks .
 some dogs hear all dogs .
 he never speaks .
 the happy human hears all dogs .
 the dog with her always sits .
 all humans never avoid a bear .
 the dog sees some dogs by it .
 he always sits while the bear hears the dog .
 some dogs always sit while all happy bears never jump .
 a hungry human speaks but they avoid all dogs .
 all sad bears by the hungry dog see all bears .
 some bears run until the sad dog seldom follows the dog near him .
 some happy dogs seldom jump and they jump .
 the bear speaks until they sit .
 a happy bear beside the hungry human always follows some happy bears .
 some humans always follow all bears and they often run .
 a bear follows some bears .
 the bear always speaks while a dog speaks .
 the dog beside the sad dog seldom sits but all dogs hear it .
 a hungry human near all bears speaks .
 the hungry human near some happy humans seldom hears a sad bear .
 all bears never avoid them but they always run .
 they hear some humans while all sad humans near some sad dogs always see a hungry bear .
 the hungry human never speaks .
 they speak until some bears often follow a happy human .
 they always run .
 a hungry dog speaks .
 the hungry bear seldom follows all sad bears but some hungry humans always follow a hungry human .
 the dog often hears some humans with them .
 they never jump but the bear often sees them .
 he avoids a bear by them .
 all humans seldom avoid it until a bear sits .
 a human always hears a bear but the bear by them always hears a happy dog near all sad dogs .
 the sad human follows him but she follows all bears .
 he seldom sees a dog but he never avoids the dog beside some hungry dogs .
 it follows a happy human by them and she often jumps .
 they never jump but a happy human by a dog never runs .
 some dogs often follow all hungry humans while all happy dogs often follow the hungry dog .
 they follow a hungry dog beside all happy humans but the human sits .
 the hungry human beside them often sits and all dogs near some bears never hear the dog by some happy dogs .
 some happy humans seldom hear him until they always hear the hungry dog beside the bear .
 the hungry human jumps .
 all humans see her .
 it hears them while some dogs follow them .
 the happy human often hears some dogs until all hungry bears near all hungry bears jump .
 all humans hear them but the human sees some bears .
 the bear sits .
 it never avoids her .
 some dogs jump .
 a sad human runs .
 a bear sees them but the happy bear seldom sits .
 all hungry bears avoid her .
 they follow some bears near all bears .
 he seldom speaks until all humans beside some humans jump .
 all sad bears sit .
 some humans never see some dogs but he sees the human by some humans .
 some hungry humans hear a happy bear .
 a sad dog never sits until some bears beside some hungry dogs jump .
 some sad dogs speak .
 a bear near him often follows them until the human with her often runs .
 they jump .
 it jumps and the hungry human with some bears jumps .
 they sit but all hungry dogs beside some sad dogs speak .
 she sees them and she follows a sad bear .
 all dogs avoid it .
 it sees him .
 a hungry human near some happy bears sits .
 all humans near it often avoid all sad bears near some dogs while a hungry dog often hears them .
 he never avoids him and all happy bears always run .
 some happy humans see the sad bear with some happy humans until a hungry bear never runs .
 some humans near some dogs speak and a dog often jumps .
 the bear always hears the happy bear until they hear all hungry humans by them .
 some happy dogs often jump while the sad human sees some happy dogs .
 the happy dog by all humans seldom runs .
 a human never hears the hungry bear until all happy bears near the happy dog avoid all dogs .
 she always hears them .
 a human runs .
 the hungry human sees a hungry dog .
 they jump while the hungry dog always runs .
 he follows the happy dog beside them but they seldom hear a bear .
 they always hear her until they see some happy dogs .
 the human runs and all happy dogs often follow it .
 he seldom jumps .
 all happy bears seldom run .
 they jump .
 a happy human speaks while all humans seldom run .
 they sit .
 it seldom runs .
 a happy human often speaks but the human by some dogs follows a sad dog .
 he seldom speaks .
 some bears jump and some happy dogs speak .
 some sad dogs jump .
 they always jump while some hungry bears speak .
 the human follows some sad dogs until a happy bear sits .
 a bear never sees all dogs .
 a sad dog follows him .
 some dogs run .
 all bears often see the bear .
 all hungry humans jump .
 a happy bear often jumps but some sad bears often run .
 all happy dogs never see all bears .
 all sad dogs never avoid some hungry dogs .
 all dogs near her never hear a hungry dog .
 a dog with all bears always sees the dog until a sad human always speaks .
 he often runs and some dogs near some sad bears follow some hungry humans .
 he speaks until some humans run .
 some hungry humans avoid some humans with the human but some happy dogs follow some humans by the human .
 she hears all happy bears .
 it speaks .
 a sad bear always speaks .
 all bears always speak .
 some hungry bears seldom hear the sad bear until they run .
 all bears seldom speak until some sad dogs with the hungry bear never sit .
 the happy bear speaks .
 the happy human follows a bear .
 she jumps while all dogs speak .
 a human near all dogs sees the human and some sad humans see a hungry bear .
 all humans by a dog run until she seldom sees all humans .
 a dog by them jumps while they speak .
 all humans always speak until all hungry humans hear a hungry bear beside a happy human .
 all hungry bears seldom run until all bears beside them jump .
 all dogs by him run and all bears seldom speak .
 some hungry humans by a happy human jump but it avoids a sad dog .
 some bears seldom run until some dogs always hear a sad bear with the dog .
 they never hear them but all happy humans near a bear avoid some bears .
 some bears speak .
 a happy human avoids him .
 a sad dog runs .
 the bear beside them avoids a hungry dog beside some sad humans .
 she never avoids all bears by some happy dogs while some bears by a human sit .
 the human often sees the sad bear near them .
 she hears all hungry dogs beside a sad bear and they seldom hear them .
 the human never jumps but a hungry dog often hears him .
 all humans by a dog often jump .
 it jumps .
 he never speaks .
 they follow a bear .
 the dog follows the bear while the bear with her always sees them .
 some bears with the human never sit .
 a bear often runs .
 they sit .
 the happy dog hears the bear .
 some humans by them never hear the human while she often follows the human by the happy human .
 some happy humans speak and the sad human follows the sad human .
 it hears the human near a human .
 they never see all sad humans .
 the human near a bear runs .
 he avoids her .
 they never avoid the human but a hungry bear beside the dog often runs .
 all happy humans see a sad human near her .
 a human seldom runs .
 they always see a hungry dog near a sad human but he follows all sad dogs .
 some sad dogs hear a happy bear until some sad bears by her jump .
 they seldom jump .
 it seldom sees a happy bear but all hungry humans by all dogs sit .
 they often hear it until some bears jump .
 the human beside her runs while some sad humans jump .
 all dogs seldom sit .
 he always hears some dogs and he sits .
 he sits .
 some humans run until they speak .
 the hungry human by some sad dogs follows them .
 they run but a sad human seldom hears some bears with some happy dogs .
 a hungry bear sees some sad humans .
 all sad humans often avoid them but they sit .
 they speak while a sad dog never follows the bear .
 some hungry dogs hear them .
 the bear beside all dogs avoids some bears near her until a bear beside all bears never speaks .
 she seldom sees them but all humans near all sad bears often avoid the happy dog .
 the dog seldom jumps while a sad dog hears the happy bear .
 she sits .
 some sad humans always follow a sad bear and a dog always speaks .
 some happy bears by some dogs always run while some bears never follow the human by the bear .
 some hungry bears often follow some happy humans beside him and all bears jump .
 they seldom avoid some sad humans and all hungry bears by him always follow some happy dogs .
 he never avoids a dog .
 some hungry humans never hear them .
 she sits .
 all hungry humans avoid a sad dog by it .
 she jumps until she always runs .
 a happy dog always sits .
 some bears often sit .
 they sit while they hear some hungry bears .
 a happy human beside them always speaks .
 a sad bear beside the happy human never hears a happy human .
 a dog always follows a dog by them .
 some hungry bears near some bears hear a sad bear beside it .
 all happy humans see some bears .
 all hungry dogs follow the hungry bear and they jump .
 the dog sees a sad human with a sad human .
 the sad bear near them runs but the hungry dog never hears him .
 they never hear the bear with them .
 he avoids all bears and they hear her .
 she avoids all happy bears .
 a hungry bear always sees a human .
 she never avoids the human while all dogs beside a sad dog seldom see the bear .
 he sees her until a happy bear always sees him .
 all hungry dogs always sit but some happy bears follow him .
 it jumps .
 they sit and some dogs by her avoid all hungry dogs .
 she follows him .
 it runs and they never follow them .
 some happy humans seldom sit until a human beside them jumps .
 the human with the bear sits .
 the hungry bear sees the hungry dog and all sad bears speak .
 they see the bear .
 all happy bears never speak .
 a sad human speaks .
 the sad human by some dogs seldom follows all happy dogs beside a hungry human .
 all humans never hear some dogs by them .
 they speak .
 he sits .
 they always hear them .
 a bear avoids the dog by some dogs .
 a happy dog with some humans often follows a human .
 some hungry dogs never sit until it often hears her .
 she often hears all dogs .
 it never sees them and it never follows them .
 the bear often sits until the bear near all dogs always sits .
 the bear near her often speaks and a sad human often sees him .
 they avoid all humans while the bear seldom hears them .
 all sad dogs often run but it always speaks .
 the human by a dog follows it while a bear never runs .
 they seldom avoid a sad dog .
 a happy bear often sits and he follows him .
 a hungry bear by all happy humans sits .
 it often sits until a hungry human beside all happy dogs sits .
 she follows them but he often follows them .
 she hears all sad bears while she jumps .
 they never avoid some sad dogs near a bear .
 some happy dogs avoid all humans with some humans and a dog with a human runs .
 a bear near a bear never runs until all bears always see all hungry bears .
 a happy bear sees a sad bear .
 a hungry bear sees them and all sad bears seldom avoid the sad human .
 some hungry humans run .
 the sad dog seldom jumps but some humans by it seldom sit .
 they follow them .
 a hungry dog by him speaks until all sad dogs jump .
 some humans follow some humans until the hungry human beside the human hears some dogs .
 some dogs always speak .
 a bear seldom sees them .
 he seldom speaks .
 a bear with him seldom jumps .
 all sad dogs never see all humans with some humans .
 they jump .
 all hungry bears run .
 a human never follows the happy human .
 they hear the bear with some hungry bears and all happy humans sit .
 he speaks until some hungry bears never hear some sad bears .
 a happy human jumps .
 they sit .
 some humans beside all humans never see the happy human beside all dogs while all sad humans by a bear hear a human .
 all hungry dogs with the dog hear her and the hungry dog often sits .
 some happy bears near all hungry dogs speak .
 they hear him .
 some bears always run .
 a hungry dog always avoids all dogs by them .
 it hears some happy bears .
 a dog by a hungry bear speaks until they always sit .
 the human sits and the hungry human by her seldom jumps .
 some sad humans hear a hungry human .
 he never runs while all hungry humans often avoid a bear .
 a bear often jumps until all hungry humans beside all hungry dogs never jump .
 all humans beside a dog always avoid a dog and a hungry human near them never speaks .
 they hear the bear .
 the hungry dog beside them hears the happy dog beside a happy dog but all happy humans never follow all hungry bears by them .
 a hungry bear never follows some dogs until some happy dogs beside them avoid all dogs with all hungry dogs .
 the bear runs .
 a dog speaks until some hungry dogs seldom hear them .
 all sad humans always sit until it never jumps .
 she seldom follows the bear .
 a hungry bear sits until some hungry dogs with them seldom follow him .
 some hungry humans beside the human seldom follow the human but the bear near all sad dogs always jumps .
 all hungry humans always follow the bear while they never see all bears near them .
 it always runs .
 they run and the bear sees them .
 they often see some happy humans while a happy dog beside the bear often sits .
 she never avoids all bears .
 some dogs run .
 all dogs seldom avoid her .
 some sad humans sit until all sad dogs with all dogs always see him .
 all dogs always avoid all sad bears .
 it hears her .
 some dogs jump .
 the bear seldom sees it until some humans beside a hungry human always follow some hungry bears by them .
 a bear speaks .
 they always follow all bears while the happy dog by the happy dog speaks .
 she often runs .
 the dog hears all humans until a happy human sits .
 he sits but they speak .
 she hears it .
 some sad bears never hear some humans with it and a sad dog by the sad dog avoids all bears with her .
 some hungry humans near it seldom see them while a sad human beside the hungry bear always avoids some humans with some happy bears .
 all happy bears never jump and the happy bear always speaks .
 they always hear all dogs by some humans until they see them .
 some sad humans seldom see it .
 the sad bear always avoids him while he runs .
 all dogs jump and they speak .
 he always jumps .
 the hungry bear by a dog seldom hears him but all humans seldom hear all hungry bears .
 he often follows it .
 they often avoid the sad human .
 the bear never follows all bears .
 all bears jump while some hungry humans hear all hungry humans .
 all humans run .
 they avoid the hungry dog by the dog but some bears seldom jump .
 all hungry dogs speak and some bears near a hungry human never see them .
 they jump .
 the happy dog often runs until all sad bears run .
 the bear seldom sees them and all sad dogs often sit .
 all bears often avoid them .
 a bear never hears all sad bears and all bears often follow the dog .
 he never jumps but some humans speak .
 the human sits and it never jumps .
 he often sees some dogs .
 some humans seldom sit .
 the hungry human with the bear speaks while she seldom sits .
 all dogs beside some sad humans speak .
 a human near a bear runs .
 all happy bears always see her .
 she never sees the happy dog .
 a bear often follows a dog but a bear beside them always avoids her .
 some happy bears near them sit .
 all humans near some humans avoid him while some sad dogs near all humans never avoid the human .
 a hungry dog beside her runs .
 a bear beside all hungry dogs seldom speaks until all bears never avoid the hungry dog .
 they hear a sad bear .
 they never speak and some happy bears always sit .
 all humans by them see all humans with the dog .
 the bear near all bears sees all humans while some bears avoid the dog .
 some bears never avoid the bear and a human often avoids all humans with all happy dogs .
 all bears follow her .
 he avoids a sad bear .
 they speak .
 she runs .
 the happy human jumps until the sad human runs .
 he avoids a human while they hear some humans near a sad human .
 a sad human by some hungry dogs jumps until they hear the human by him .
 all happy bears seldom run .
 the happy dog with the sad dog seldom avoids all happy dogs .
 the hungry bear often avoids a hungry human .
 a sad bear by the dog seldom sits while the sad dog sits .
 a sad dog with the sad dog always sees them but they speak .
 a hungry dog by the bear sits .
 all happy humans hear all humans .
 he seldom sees them but a bear jumps .
 some happy dogs never jump .
 they never avoid the bear and all sad dogs seldom run .
 some dogs sit but they never see the bear by some sad humans .
 the human with it always sits .
 all hungry bears never see some bears .
 she never sits .
 the human beside a bear runs and it never runs .
 some happy humans speak .
 a happy human with the hungry human seldom speaks while the bear never sees the happy human .
 some bears with a bear speak .
 all happy dogs sit and the dog with all dogs never jumps .
 some humans with her always hear them while the dog hears a happy dog .
 a happy dog beside all sad humans avoids some bears .
 the bear speaks .
 it never jumps but the bear avoids a hungry human .
 all dogs see her .
 all sad bears seldom hear all happy dogs .
 a happy dog beside the hungry bear jumps .
 the dog near a bear sits until a sad bear always jumps .
 all happy humans run .
 a bear follows all bears near them until some bears seldom speak .
 they always speak .
 all hungry dogs never speak until some hungry bears avoid a hungry bear .
 some happy humans always speak .
 all humans near the human seldom sit until all humans often see them .
 some sad dogs often run .
 they never speak .
 a happy bear with some bears follows some bears .
 the happy human sees all humans until they often hear the bear by them .
 all dogs by a human seldom sit .
 he follows them until all happy dogs run .
 all happy humans with a happy bear speak and the bear never avoids her .
 a sad bear always follows all bears near some hungry dogs and some bears seldom jump .
 the human seldom speaks and all hungry bears with all sad bears sit .
 all dogs follow a human .
 they run .
 she follows some sad dogs while they hear them .
 he runs .
 some sad bears run while the dog seldom follows the human .
 all bears hear her and she never avoids some happy dogs near some dogs .
 some happy bears beside all sad bears run while all humans speak .
 he jumps and a hungry dog with a bear never jumps .
 a human jumps until the sad human avoids it .
 a hungry dog follows them .
 some bears with them seldom jump but some sad dogs near them never speak .
 the dog follows all bears and some humans avoid the human with the happy bear .
 they hear some happy dogs .
 the human never hears some humans but all hungry humans never run .
 some bears often run but all dogs beside him often sit .
 all dogs beside them always avoid some bears with a human .
 they seldom run but a hungry bear by some bears seldom speaks .
 the human near them always jumps .
 all hungry dogs beside her seldom jump until some humans never see the hungry human .
 a hungry dog jumps .
 it sits while some bears run .
 it hears the bear while he jumps .
 the human follows him .
 a happy human near them runs .
 some bears hear all humans .
 the sad human beside him jumps .
 it jumps .
 a human seldom jumps but the dog beside them jumps .
 some sad humans always sit .
 all happy bears never follow them .
 they hear a bear .
 all hungry humans jump until the dog near all humans often hears all bears .
 a human near a dog seldom runs until all sad bears always avoid her .
 they sit until some humans with a bear see a sad dog .
 he follows a hungry human and she avoids them .
 a hungry bear always follows a human beside her .
 some bears follow the human .
 all sad humans near it always avoid the sad dog but they never run .
 it often hears some hungry humans and all dogs seldom hear some humans .
 a sad human with a sad human speaks until they seldom sit .
 they hear all humans .
 all hungry bears see some sad humans .
 she always sits and they speak .
 they run .
 all humans follow a dog with them .
 some happy humans see the dog beside all hungry humans but the bear always sees all hungry humans beside it .
 she sits .
 the dog sits while she seldom speaks .
 all happy bears often see all happy dogs beside all sad bears .
