About the sailboat and the tides and the dusk and the stars .
I was a captive and a slave .
I am the icing to the cake .
I returned to the saloon .
I went to the house .
I have to go to a party .
I went to the movies .
Listen to the word of the Lord .
I tried to explain the dangers of the streets .
I am the king of the Blefuscians !
The life of a man and the life of a thing .
I was in a bit of a hurry .
I was fifteen and a half .
I was a Transient .
I was the first to address the situation .
I was the star .
I was a ballerina .
I was homesick and I missed the dogs .
I was a steward .
It had a scissors and a corkscrew and a fingernail clipper and a screwdriver .
Tending to the poor and then to him .
I wish to God I had .
I had a boat .
I had to be the best .
I leave in the morning .
I got a plane to catch in the morning .
I started to craft a node to plant in the Skein .
I live in the garage .
Dressed in the clothes of the hunters .
Right in the middle of the night .
I felt like I was living in the middle of a minefield .
How was I to know ?
That was the way of the world .
It was a hell of a morning to be driving to the Moon .
The tear in the muscle was the size of a nut .
I was about to float .
I was on a roll .
I was the Head Prefect .
I doubted that the man I was speaking to was Jonah .
That was the time of the wedding .
I was coming to ski .
He was in the middle of a vast hive .
It was a blow to the head .
I was desperate to get back to the surface .
Most of the liturgy was in Ukrainian .
I was glad to oblige .
I was talking to you !
All to the good .
Go to the left .
Easy to talk to .
He fled to the back of the house .
Back to the beginning .
Back to the beginning .
Back to the sentence .
Back to the Loup-garou .
Surrendered to the Dictator .
I said I could .
I want to be a frog !
I have to go !
I have a kamebara .
I have a son !
I have a favor to ask .
I think I want out of the story .
I do the same .
I like to call the shots .
I had to tell the doctors to go in and get her .
Once he was a friend of the workers .
I thought it was a football .
I thought it was a thunderbolt .
I went back and forth to the bodega .
It was a man speaking to her in the dream .
I stepped back and examined the front of the house .
I rushed to the bar and looked over .
I rolled over to the mirror .
And of the children .
I get to record the results .
They went to the remains of the house .
I killed a man .
Be a man of the will .
I wanted to say .
I think of dreaming .
I made the call .
I want to dig a basement .
I wanted to close the door .
I thought of Molly .
I liked the house .
I look to Savo .
I left a message .
I took a walk .
I took a lot of names and numbers .
Everything but the dishes and the steaks I had in the freezer .
I saw the news .
I wanted to run .
I wanted to hide .
I loathe the place .
I need a change .
I love the hair .
I tried to call .
I love to study .
I needed a phone .
I heard a clank of chains .
I sing along to the music .
I followed the sound .
I drank a glass of water .
I held the pistol .
Because of the children .
I cut the lawn .
I shot the gun .
I ordered a drink .
I became the uncle .
I dropped the ax .
I pinged the box .
I showed the journal to Steve .
I reached the intersection of Aldrin and Main .
I missed the boyfriend .
I pressed the switch .
I was on the edge again .
I circle the block .
I checked the date .
Out of the question .
I recognize the style .
I counted the digits .
Have a view of the sea ?
I breast-fed a hippo .
Only the rattle of a matchbook .
I ordered a bottle of wine .
I wish to God she was .
Perhaps she was fleeing in the direction of the voice of Father .
It was two in the morning and she was the only one in the surgical suite .
Scarcely a quarter the price of a Dulux .
Son of a bitch .
Think of the metaphor .
Careful of the gusher .
I decided I was going to talk to her about that .
What a sight that was !
There was a chance that I had cancer of the cervix .
And that was that .
All that was missing was a conservatory .
Not that I know of .
There was comfort in that .
I have to fix that .
I take comfort in that .
I know the lake was glowing with the reflection of the sunset .
It was only afterwards that the doctors explained to the relatives that it was a stroke .
I thought he was done .
But he was the eldest .
But he was a major shareholder in the company that owned the company that held the deed .
I know he was a good man .
I was a sucker for bullies .
I was a runner once in high school and for a while in college .
I was in charge of preparing them for the SAT .
First I heard of it .
That was all there was to it .
So it was a vigil .
Not a hint of red in it .
But it was in Dusseldorf .
I guess I was a little shy about it .
I was glad I knew which house it was .
I hoped to hell that Bluxome Street was where I thought it was .
I try not to listen to it .
I hope it was okay that I read it .
There ... that was it .
I noticed it when I was cleaning .
Not that it was going to be restful now that he was there .
Not that it was a big deal .
He was sure it was .
I want to destroy it .
He was amazing at it and the film was a hit .
Then there was silence in the room and it was terrifying .
I process none of it .
I cleared her plate and took it to the sink .
I want her to have it .
I smile at the face in the mirror .
Maggot walked to the fountain in the wall at the end of the pool .
I want to speak to her alone .
He was admitting he was her father .
I had to watch her .
I found a nickel in one of the bottom drawers of her dresser .
So of course I lied to her .
I turned to face her .
The shape of her hips and the smell of her neck I want to lose myself in .
Now I was earning her .
I have it on tapes of her grousing in her cell .
There was a question in her eyes .
I lost interest in her .
Because it was her contribution .
Ann was the darling of her eye .
I called her in and told her what I needed .
And could I give it to her ?
I pulled her to me and held her .
He puts it on the fork and offers it to her .
I made the mistake of trying to reassure her that I knew what I was doing and used the word condom .
She felt the sawdust on the side of her face and in her hair as he pulled her legs open and slid her to the edge of the cabinets .
Now it was her turn to sacrifice .
Maybe it was her imagination .
I want her to pay .
I bought it for her in a used bookstore in Boulder .
I hear the strain in her voice .
Should he lie to her ?
He motioned in the direction of the lake .
This was his way of revealing that he was gay .
But that was you .
But it was his face that was shocking .
I told you he was good .
He was a stranger .
He was a dressmaker .
He was seated in a wheelchair .
He was a professional .
He was a ghost .
He was glued to the spot .
He was carrying a bucket and a trowel .
The statue was of a woman .
The eunuch was the master of the house .
The cause of death was a blow to the head .
I used to go to his workout .
I know it from the sound of his slippers and of his grumbling about the long lines .
In his bathrobe he showed her to the door .
It was a prize in one of his tournaments .
She saw his answer in his eyes and felt it in his pants .
Appropriating-that was the story of his life .
I have the best chef in the world .
I was thinking of trying to get in touch with you .
I see you when I go to the supermarket .
They said it was a pleasure to teach you .
I never meant to deny you that .
Is it not a fact that he was infatuated with you ?
What was it you were speaking of ?
I expected more of you .
I want you to go .
And he suggested that I call you .
Would you take her to the cabin ?
What do you think it was he asked her ?
Get you a spot in a show ?
What I do to you ?
I came home to you .
I was very glad to see you .
Was that you that borrowed the convertible ?
May I remind you that I pay you to assist me .
Let it talk to you .
May I call you that ?
Did I tell you that ?
Are you the keeper of the Excalibur ?
I worked on that .
I told him I was tired .
I was supposed to be writing a dissertation .
She was engulfed in a wave of desolation .
She was a client .
She was a fraud .
I was bleeding out .
I told her a long time ago that I had a daughter .
She fell backward and I was on top of her .
I like to call her on it when I can .
It was hard to tell she was in her seventies .
Everything she found was a treasure to her .
So what was I to do ?
What was I going to do .
What was I going to do .
It was a tavern .
It was all of a sudden .
It was a relief to crumb the table .
It was a problem .
It was a shadow .
It was a park .
It was the chimney .
It was a weekday .
It was two-thirty in the morning .
It was a dream I was glad to leave unfinished .
It was down to the wire .
It was a fork .
It was deliberate in the intention .
It was a trend .
It was a thing .
I was real familiar with it .
There was a family in the car : the Morrisons .
This was one of the advantages of age .
Change in the back .
Maybe it was something you had to be born to .
I had no right even to mention it to you .
Tal was in both of them .
I was so depressed .
I was so excited .
I was so early .
There was a woman sitting by the stove in the middle of the room .
And in the process I learned a lot .
Then he pushed her to the bottom with his feet .
I was the only woman there .
I was susceptible at that age .
Can I get in ?
He was that quick .
I know I was beginning to feel overwhelmed .
We arrived in Yarmouth in the midst of a celebration .
He was always kinder to the waitress than he was to me .
I have a surprise for you .
I have a surprise for you .
I apologized for you .
I want you to know I am praying for you .
But I was curious .
But Moretti was a son of a bitch .
He was so proud of it that he combed it every morning .
He held it to the light .
He loves to watch it in the dark .
The town was proud of it .
The relief of it .
I was married to your father .
I smile at her .
I waved at her .
That was lost in the mists of time .
He wants to take her and grip her and make her scream .
I requested something to puke in .
I stand still in the room .
I had the VW microbus .
All you had to do was swallow .
I thought you had fun with her .
I really had that coming .
But he had to go to work .
He had a flashlight in his hands .
I had to see him .
Benny had had a heart attack and was in the hospital .
I had poems that I had written over the years .
She had to find out what it was that Matt had put in his locker .
I had misjudged the scale .
I had to remind myself .
I knew I had to do something .
I had the strangest feeling .
I had a tarp in my boat and soon wrapped her with it .
I had had no part in any of the preparation .
I had a pet tiger .
I knew then that I had just had a glimpse of the greatest sorrow that there is .
You had such a career in front of you .
I cried for the blood and the death I had seen .
And it occurred to me that in a way Aless had become the brother I never had .
My first thought was that I had had a stroke .
He had a camera and he was hoping to get pictures .
Vi had it hanging in her bedroom .
All of it had vanished .
I had tried that already .
And he had to go .
Yet I had to let her go .
I had access to the required equipment and that group had access to the required funding .
Then he had divorced her and left .
I had to be sharp .
I had to get out of here .
I just had a thought .
Perhaps his father had had a stroke .
I also had a hunch about that .
But you had the problem before that .
I want to plant a tree in the living room .
He had wanted to and he had nearly done it .
The snow was shaded and had a glaze on it .
She had her blindfold on .
I placed the jar on the floor .
I thought of a class that I had taken the previous semester on peace rites .
He drove to work on his deathday and was killed in a crash .
I was on the lookout for Tara .
I could see a tiny white speck on the ceiling that I assumed was her .
I got lost on the way to the theater .
There was a tap on the door .
X takes a wrench and hangs it on the hood of the car .
Mason prayed on his knees and held on to his bunk .
I have the music on .
I was on the verge of sleep when I thought I heard a tap on the living room window .
There was a smile on her face .
It was one of the things he was thinking of putting on his Christmas list .
She had a mole on her cheek .
He was on his back .
I turned on the light .
That he had never cheated on her .
I think of the march on the Pentagon and trying to break the line of police and National Guardsmen .
I heard he was working on a cruise ship .
I have to spy on you bastards in the head to get the inside scoop on anything .
I had seen it on my realtor .
Then I looked in the mirror .
I rolled in after .
I leave the house in search of Dave .
What was I thinking ?
With that she spun on her heel and stalked to the door .
I left the Volvo in a red zone .
One was old and the other was young .
I was too distracted .
I was too weak .
I thought I was going to go insane .
If only she had retreated to the kitchen before he had spotted her !
And she had to get in her Carl and Maizie story .
I realized she was not my sister and that you had sold me .
And she had a name .
She thought she was used to it .
She was just sexually deprived and she loved to bask in the scent of the man of her fantasies .
I fancied for a moment that she was that handsome woman .
And he was nothing to her but a man she desired .
There was a day in the airport she remembered .
I could hear that she was high on something and still she had called .
Then she had both of her babies .
That was the deal .
That was displeasing to the ear .
That was in 1940 .
That was the joke .
I wish I was never artificially created in a lab .
There was still enough that was beautiful about her that he was sometimes at a loss and got tangled in his words .
As in the beef ?
Mam and Dad said that he and Fran were sure to make a go of it .
There was the sound of Father in the air again .
You said it was a matter of life and death .
That was the thing that got to me .
There was a silence .
There was the smell of face-powder and eau-de-cologne .
There was a lot of gold .
There was a teeming of sexes .
I stopped in front of the metal detector .
He knew that his buyer was going to take it .
He was in pain because of his father .
The hand reminded her of his .
The smell of the sea in his hair .
All I did was make a call and explain that to him .
Give it to me .
After that it was just me and Mom .
But I fell in love with her on a day I saw her at the cafeteria .
Between her and Gladys there was a low table with a box of Kleenex on it .
Yet he wore a baseball cap with the silhouette of a tractor on it .
I knew I was being played .
I believe in labor .
I was told why .
Aside from that I was fine .
This was a matter of PR .
I live in B-63 .
I gave it back to him .
Am I in a PU space ?
That she and the deputy had been friends ; that the deputy had died with his head in her lap .
Then I was ready to return to the rehearsal studio .
His map was of the best .
Like a sunset in a mirror .
I hug her up to me .
I had to give him credit for that .
Sid handed the exams in to the teacher .
Get in the trunk .
Strong in the Lord .
I gasped in pleasure .
I moaned in pleasure .
Back in a sec .
Back in a sec .
Toss in a match ?
Up in the mountains .
Send in the soldiers !
She was happy he was brilliant .
Like I once was .
How was the flight ?
How was the flight ?
Like it was to be expected .
I called her Vida for she was the first life I knew .
She was having a rough time of it .
I was both fascinated and repelled .
Or was it out of embarrassment ?
I picked it up .
Look it up in a book .
I was convinced without a doubt .
I have his gun in the pocket of my jacket .
I have witnessed it .
I have to say he did it tenderly .
I was not that better person .
But is it you or I ?
On the wagon was a cannon .
But it was supposed to be her business to care .
She thought of the terrible hum of the voices in her head .
She ignored the stares that escorted her to the exit .
She refused and he closed the door in her face .
Apparently it was up to her to get it down by herself .
It was my condition and you accepted it .
Staying with her like that .
I had to cooperate with the FBI as best I could .
Stuck to the page I was reading with such attention was a readout .
I pushed along with and between the grown-ups to reach the edge of the pier .
Hesitation warred with the desire to hold on to the memory .
I watch and wait for her to continue but she turns her head away and covers it with in her arms .
Lorenzo hit John along the side of the head with the barrel of the shotgun and in the stomach with the butt .
Maggot was satisfied with that .
So I went with it .
The decision was his to wrestle with .
The implications of the situation had nothing to do with her .
Lucilla and the sheep-farmer went to stay with her in Majorca .
Who was that with him ?
Are you acquainted with her ?
She screamed with the pain of it .
Pick a side and stick with it .
That was fine with her .
I was uncomfortable with my back to the door .
I ate with Becky in the kitchen .
I was filled with hope .
Take the Chinaman with you .
I had to be careful with his account because he checked it constantly .
I wanted Bottomslave to remind her that he could snap her neck with his thumbs .
But it was not the same .
It was the beauty that counted .
I was number 11 .
I was married to Beulah Jordan .
Talk was the problem .
Suddenly I was afraid .
Ehren was a wizard .
It was after that that he got religious .
I could do it in three .
I was betrayed everywhere .
I was struck speechless .
Marla was a sorcerer .
I was therefore extraneous .
Kosnik was a statistician .
It was because it was a ridiculous idea .
He had to claw for purchase with his hands and his feet .
What mattered was that he arrange for her to be taken care of so he could get on with what he had to do .
I figured he was going to give me the lecture in his office instead of in front of the other altar boys .
I would hear the river before I came to it .
And it was all the same .
It was her blood he smelled .
It was her handwriting .
It was the only way to quiet her .
It was her story .
I like it here .
I was 4F for acne .
After that it was just groupies for the both of us .
She hoped he had the soul strength to hold it together and wait for her .
He was asking for it .
Write a check on the house for the groceries .
I think it was for school or maybe it was for 4-H club .
And for the energy of that rashness he overlooked the rest .
He unwrapped it and had it wiped off carefully and put it up on a showcase for a week for everybody to see .
What was she searching for ?
Naomi : I wanted to he there for you .
Blame it on what I do for a living .
I sat in the kitchen and waited for daybreak .
Well I stayed in that house for a time .
I longed for a glimpse of the sea and the white road below .
I need a handgun for self-defense in the woods .
I am on the lookout for submarines .
Marciano re-enters with a drink for her .
The child sucked at her with ferocity and she was thankful for it .
Who was he watching for ?
Dory had said for me to go on to Ferndale and not wait for her .
But that was for later .
I want you to tell me about that .
I could see that .
This year he was giving her the bottle of rhubarb wine that he had won in the raffle at the church sale .
He had to smile at the name of the town .
I was at their place on that night .
I owe him the same confidentiality that I promised you .
I could see he was amused .
She was his mistress .
I did it last year in the Prado .
He had to suppress a smile .
He had the money .
He had identified the source of his headache .
He was unimpressed and it seemed that I had lost my chance .
He was going to say that he had been scared .
He had his principles .
He had his film .
He had trivialized it .
Then she turned to the monitor at the head of the bed .
The news of the death he had emailed to Moran and Ruyu .
He and I talked on the phone Saturday .
Mother was talking to one of her sisters .
He had a crush on her by then .
He crosses to the bathroom and turns on the water .
He turns on the shower and goes in .
He wrote the time and location of a proposed meeting on the back of the card .
He switched on the small television in the comer of the room .
She wants you to draw her a picture .
He hoped she was .
He was convinced that this was the way she looked in the waking world .
He deduced she was the mother .
Sting the shit out of you .
Trying to get a rise out of you .
I ask you a simple question and you fancy it all up !
I thought about it a lot .
I guess he was pretty upset about it .
I sat down on my bed and he stood in the middle of the floor as if he was lost .
I told you I have a great idea .
I bet there was a nasty chemical in that ice .
I try to look in her eyes and read her expression as she places a syringe and vial in front of me .
I told her about the note .
And so it was .
And so it was .
I take it back .
Cautam is on it .
It was rude of you to do that just now !
I imagine you do .
Can you do that ?
Can you do that ?
Can you do it ?
I know it was a Sunday because I was wearing a cast on my right arm .
Sasha sucked in her stomach and tried to flatten her back to the chair .
He was in the clinic with my brother .
He was out on the porch with Jay .
He was hoping to meet with you then .
He stepped in closer and jabbed me in the back with the barrel of the gun .
He was covered with burrs and his t-shirt was torn .
He wiped it away with the back of his hand .
He thought of his last night with her .
The better to seeeeee you with .
I was going to the bar at the Wayside to meet Ed and Tommy for beers .
I joined her at the mirror and fished in my purse for a hairbrush .
See you all in the morning .
And that was the worst part .
When you put it like that .
But how was he to concentrate ?
But the truth was that Edmund thought nothing of the miles that he covered .
I know it well .
Did I know where it was ?
I said you had every right .
He ran for the steps of the building .
He gestured for her to take the seat slightly back and to the left .
He removed a lid with a clatter and reached for a knife .
He had been working on it for weeks .
He had bought the pack specially for her .
He had to fight for his life somehow .
He was wounded and fighting for his life .
He led him with his hand to the window and opened it for him .
The person she was reaching for was Basha .
The kids made fun of her for that .
The word she was looking for was virtuous .
And he was right .
And he was fast .
And he was charming .
But it was hard .
But it was a thoughtful frown .
But it centers in the liberty .
But it was great .
But it was a horrible nightmare .
I could feel the breathing in his chest .
We are in it .
And I doubt it .
And I appreciated it .
And lots of it .
I was helping her over a rough patch .
For a long time she had said that .
I commented that he seemed unusually certain of the time .
So it had to be me .
I am relieved that the story is done with and can see the humor in it .
I got the plastic on me .
I was surprised that the man had laid me on clean sheets .
They agreed it was time to take the war to the terrorists .
I tracked her down .
But I sink to the floor beside her .
But I love her .
And he wanted her .
I had to punch him out .
A pity that he died before I had a chance to talk to him .
They tied the edge of the cape to the pillowcase and wrapped it around the ball .
I stood with my back to a wall and knocked .
I looked in on him from the door .
I looked in on him too .
I had Will get the lowdown on him .
She had seen him on the edge of the crowd .
What was that supposed to mean ?
What kind of talk was that ?
What was that noise ?
But she could tell that he was relieved to have her on his side--she frightened him .
I knew he wanted to see how tough I was .
Tokyo was creating the image of a city that aims to be people-oriented and was offering a place to the women who had complained .
It was stupid and reckless to be superior to all the crap you had to do to survive .
Molly had had to be mature .
I just remember thinking that I had to be tough .
They had to be .
She had a violin case in her hands .
She had her first taste of presiding over it the day it was complete and finished .
She had made sure of that .
I came for my share of the money .
Instead he gestured to the cards and asked the rest of the family to go around .
She read and listened to the radio on the porch .
She laid her hand on his .
She learned on that trip that he talked to everyone .
It had been up to her .
Marcus had the sudden savage urge to sweep her up in his arms and carry her to the nearest bed .
I can feel it .
I can feel it .
I realized after I agreed to take the case that I should run it by you .
Then it was only a correspondence .
We took her to the hospital .
Xan and I got through it .
Then it was through .
So he was here to rest .
She kicked a shoe that she found in her way .
She had risen to it the way she rose to all challenges .
That he was called .
I got it jammed .
There was a dagger in her hand -- when had she picked that up ?
What had she been up to ?
When was it going to hit ?
I just have the feeling that she does .
I wonder that you ever fell in love with me .
Are you with me ?
Would you like to read it with me ?
I looked put the window with his eyes on me .
Why had he pretended not to know it ?
What happened to her ?
James had gone to the library and looked at the microfiche to check the movie ads in the paper that week .
Fran was at home in the kitchen .
I sat down at the top of the steps to listen .
He smiled at the memory of that .
I looked at the readout .
She gazed at the picture of the man who was standing with a kashkof in his hands .
He was pulling at the collars of his shirt .
I stopped at the threshold and waited .
I was just about to swing at the branch .
I was at your house .
Another half mile and she had come to the bridge that spanned the river at the west end of the village .
There was a dance at Croy the evening of the wedding .
He looks at her and then at the floor .
I look over the table at her .
I turned to leave and saw a spray of red on the dingy ivory wall at the side of the bed .
And her husband was at the door .
I lit a cigarette and looked at the clock .
How to plan at once for a birth and a funeral .
Ivan had been with her at the disco the night she met Gheorghe .
I wondered at how hungry I was for them .
I was certain he was thinking something else .
Then he was still .
I want to know his name !
Then he made it .
HANNA I got her .
It was with him that I learned to cross frontiers .
HANNA I was just with him !
She was going to ask him to come to Kalgoorlie with her .
Finn looked and saw that he was crying .
So she had not seen her pedal and move on .
How old was he ?
I think her name was Michelle .
He pointed at her .
He tensed for the impact at the bottom .
He stopped at the bottom of the steps .
He looked at her .
He looks at it .
He looks at her .
He greets it at the shore .
He blinks at her and runs his hand over the front of his shirt .
That he loved her .
It had to hurt in order to count .
It was that trust which had given his Yevetha the run of both the yard and the ships moored in the slips .
It had to happen .
Hall the time she wants me to make a run for it .
You about to break it in for me .
Do I know you ?
Did you know that ?
And you know it .
Do you know her ?
I just know I owe you .
I heard he left the country .
What had she meant to do ?
So what was she to do ?
I felt the urge to call her something .
I take it straight .
Later on that morning he would use that .
Tears glimmered in the corners of her eyes .
He wants to sit in .
He struggles for a moment and dies .
He was trying to psych her up and was out of gas himself .
He turned it this way and that .
He took off his hat and slapped his leg with it .
He was sweating and his teeth chattered .
He showed her the slip of paper .
He was getting that bugged about it .
He sinks to the ground .
He had me in a choke hold .
He had probably stopped in for lunch .
He looked at himself in the water .
He catches it and holds it high .
He had talked to the people already about the hospitality of the occasion .
He covered it with a little dirt and left it there .
He lifted her out of the water .
He selected a spot to land and guided the ship in .
He climbed up to it .
He looked at it hopefully .
He went down to the pool for a drink .
He jerked his prisoner to his feet .
He looks across the rise of her lap at the bottom edge of the book .
He is at the bottom .
He swims to the side .
He saw the king of Thailand on the screen .
He was now a main support of his family .
He kept a gun underneath his bed and he had nightmares .
He had a mop of black curls and a Portuguese surname .
He in fact had not heard it .
He was born with a broken heart .
He has a wreath of dandelions on his head .
He sits with difficulty on the lawn .
He was looking at me .
He saw the stars in the sky above her .
He explained the situation to his children .
He carried the log a few steps and tossed it in the brush .
He sees you on the way out .
He was at least fifty .
He handed me his press credentials and explained that he was a reporter for the Chronicle on special assignment .
He was the man Mitch had sketched with Samuel Reiter in his notebook .
He was ebullient when he came on the phone .
He shivered at the thought .
He reached for a chair .
He filled a tumbler with water and drank it .
He wants to see it .
He knew her when she was a little girl .
He had taken off his hat and was shaking the rain trom it .
He sits on the pavement .
He throws his coat at the chair .
He stands at the foot of the bed looking at Eady .
He looks at his men .
He illuminates the vault with his penlight .
He throws the phone at the wall .
He thinks for a second .
He touches the side of her face .
He glances to his left .
He looks at the next card in the shoe .
He looks at the shoe at the shoe and sees that the next card is a ten .
He had to help me .
He was just a businessman .
He looked at the date window on his watch .
He had no problem saying that she was a good worker and honest and trustworthy .
He had to do something to turn the tables .
He asked Leo about it on the afternoon of his fourth day on the Moon .
He merely enjoyed the challenge for what it was .
He leaves to talk it over with his council .
He is used to it .
He had put his shoulder to the wheel but it was not enough .
He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed her delicately on the knuckles before moving on to Fanny .
He had found the place .
He was sure of himself .
He was bursting with generosity .
He died in his sleep and content .
He sat down and it was done .
He put on his glasses .
He opens the gate for her and lets her pass through .
He adjusts his crooked glasses and peers at her .
He thought about that for a moment .
He identified the security flaw that had allowed the breach and sealed it .
He was only dimly aware that it was his life in which he felt imprisoned .
He put his hands on the counter .
He puts his elbows on the table .
He points and I make a left on Flatbush .
He pointed at the screen .
He put his backpack on the floor .
He was a complete wreck .
He sagged on his knees .
He liked the way it .
He was very popular with the children of Belize .
He too was sure it was Incomplete Injection in the paper .
He knew it down to his bones .
He was in great shape .
He benched in the 300s .
He was on his way home from working a shift at the gym .
He was a manager there .
He throws the gloves in the cargo and opens the door .
He had talked it away .
He was pale with anger .
He was coming down with a cold .
He was brought straight to the infirmary .
He was done with Finn .
He breathed in and out .
He was spurred along by the sight of the hour on his wristwatch .
But you can change a bit of it .
I just dunked you .
Why are you interested in her ?
It was the only thing that she and Wellcome Fisher ever had in common .
It was a wonder she was still standing .
Why had he spoiled it all ?
The minister and his wife !
The child squirmed and she rocked it .
The pounding was now in his throat .
The car was a piece of junk .
The shaman was the mediator and healer .
The Thesaury of the City .
The voice in the Thesaury was mechanical .
The open area at the edge of the town was deserted .
The goal was to rein in the falling birthrate .
The city of Shiraz in the month of Azar of 1977 .
The velvet of his eyes .
The rover with the screwdriver lowered it .
The city was a disappointment .
The pieces of his bow floated in the pool .
I believe in The People .
The house was in Dusseldorf .
The oats had been eaten and it was full of snow .
The story I am in the process of delivering .
The weekend was a disaster .
The older of the two was a stocky man in his early forties .
The darkness was soft and blowy and smelt of the hills .
The date of the postmark was 1967 .
The one I was telling you about .
The fall of a body .
The fall of a body .
The sun on the water ?
The hell with the kidneys !
The oldest of them was the first to recover .
The best that ever was .
The raccoon had returned but it was obvious he was ill .
The sight of his wife at the far end of the floor arrested him in the doorway .
The sun turned a spotlight on the lily on her arm .
The envelope was warm with the pressure of secrets .
The man was her coworker .
The service was in French .
The horror and disappointment on his face !
It was a pleasure to have him home for that .
I think it was part of a primitive purification rite for him that was very vulgar .
Would that do it for him ?
I missed him and was silently furious for his defection .
I have the feeling you did the job for him .
Shall I get him for you ?
Gladys Dill was her last of the day .
She fastened it with a bobby pin that she opened on her front teeth .
She gestured to the rover with the bowler .
She wiped her face with the inside of her shirt .
She played with the buttons on her coat .
Finally he came out with it .
Now it was night .
Bits of dirt pelted her in the face .
Not in that place .
Perhaps a hand was searching her .
I found a stick in the olive orchard that tore a hole in the canvas material .
Then I put it to gether .
I need to find that record .
Not that this was the first these implications had occurred to her .
I have had a long-time fascination with querencia .
I suggested that Peter stay in the car .
How was that possible ?
So it was a walled city .
He had brought as a present for her a half-used box of grass seed .
If it was a neighborhood anymore .
The bottle labels were a confusion to her for a moment as she tried to get a grasp on her weary concentration .
But she knew that it was all true .
Not in that order .
I found the gas mask and it seems to work .
All that remained in the dark .
I am that sort of person .
This was her job .
This was her chance to reinvent .
This was June and her thirty-first birthday was in July .
This was her world .
They teach you that in college ?
We believed that he was following that same man the night of his death .
DRUCKER I called it in already .
Ever heard of it ?
Every year it was the same .
I will come out for you .
I see pride and exhaustion in his eyes .
The show was almost as good as the music .
Which was all to the good as far as the film was concerned .
Once as a boy and once as a man .
He stared as it vanished .
He finished buttoning his shirt as he stepped to the window .
It was as bare as the tail of a lizard !
He was as mature as he ever was going to be .
And his study is the room that she slept in as a child .
I followed as fast as I could .
He found it as Maggot staggered to his feet .
He whistled hauntingly as he went to the garage .
I live as it comes and keep on living .
Not if he was using it as a front .
It was as simple as that .
He had come in early so as to plan what he would say to her .
Rosemary was as anxious as I was to get moving .
The police took the note as seriously as I had .
I was perfectly content as a baron .
Aunt Sally revealed that the Holy Trinity was as big a mystery to the dead as it was to the living .
I want you to send the chopper and as many cars as you can spare .
She was as tough as she was beautiful .
The messenger translates for her as well .
Now it was as real as the past that had become his only present .
The sky was as blue .
I never thought of it as work .
Even busy as he was .
I came as soon as I heard of his death .
The interior lights fade on as he turns to face you .
He was as old as her father .
He was so tall that she and Daniel used him as a unit of measurement .
I stayed in that daze as I headed home to Bushwick .
She was as blurry as a reflection on a spoon .
He had wondered if she cried as she wrote the letter .
I lie as he squints at the front bumper .
He had been as kind as possible .
I have been waiting for you .
I call it the White Room .
Did you get that letter I sent you in Berlin ?
Could you get it to Chris ?
I never get a word in around you !
Sometimes you get it .
For lack of alternatives he returned to the attic and the armoire .
Is that a word ?
Had he known I was coming ?
He is severe with his children .
He is a pragmatist .
He is the host of Yo !
He is in the deep end .
He is a luxury .
He is a messenger .
He is at a loss for an answer .
He is a guest .
He is pretty sure of that .
He is practically incapable of that .
CEZAR All of it .
Of course it was .
What was his name ?
The truth is I just shovel it in .
The problem is that the gate in question is only for the use of the residents .
The boy is at the bottom .
The skeleton of a steamed sea bass is in the center of the table .
The RADIO is on .
The entrance is on the street .
The Mercedes is in the left .
